able, 1, positve
abnormal, -1, negative
abolish, -1, negative
abominable, -1, negative
abominably, -1, negative
abominate, -1, negative
abomination, -1, negative
abort, -1, negative
aborted, -1, negative
aborts, -1, negative
abrade, -1, negative
abrasive, -1, negative
abrupt, -1, negative
abruptly, -1, negative
abscond, -1, negative
absence, -1, negative
absent-minded, -1, negative
absentee, -1, negative
absurd, -1, negative
absurdity, -1, negative
absurdly, -1, negative
absurdness, -1, negative
abuse, -1, negative
abused, -1, negative
abuses, -1, negative
abusive, -1, negative
abysmal, -1, negative
abysmally, -1, negative
abyss, -1, negative
accept, 1, positve
acceptance, 1, positve
acceptable, 1, positve
accepted, 1, positve
accepting, 1, positve
accidental, -1, negative
accost, -1, negative
accursed, -1, negative
accusation, -1, negative
accusations, -1, negative
accuse, -1, negative
accuses, -1, negative
accusing, -1, negative
accusingly, -1, negative
acerbate, -1, negative
acerbic, -1, negative
acerbically, -1, negative
ache, -1, negative
ached, -1, negative
aches, -1, negative
aching, -1, negative
acrid, -1, negative
acridly, -1, negative
acridness, -1, negative
acrimonious, -1, negative
acrimoniously, -1, negative
acrimony, -1, negative
action, 1, positve
activate, 1, positve
active, 1, positve
adamant, -1, negative
adamantly, -1, negative
add, 1, positve
addict, -1, negative
addicted, -1, negative
addicting, -1, negative
addicts, -1, negative
addition, 1, positve
admonish, -1, negative
admonisher, -1, negative
admonishingly, -1, negative
admonishment, -1, negative
admonition, -1, negative
adorable, 1, positve
adulterate, -1, negative
adulterated, -1, negative
adulteration, -1, negative
advantage, 1, positve
adversarial, -1, negative
adversary, -1, negative
adverse, -1, negative
adversity, -1, negative
affirm, 1, positve
afflict, -1, negative
affliction, -1, negative
afflictive, -1, negative
affront, -1, negative
afraid, -1, negative
ageless, 1, positve
aggravate, -1, negative
aggravating, -1, negative
aggravation, -1, negative
aggression, -1, negative
aggressive, -1, negative
aggressiveness, -1, negative
aggressor, -1, negative
aggrieve, -1, negative
aggrieved, -1, negative
aghast, -1, negative
agonies, -1, negative
agonize, -1, negative
agonizing, -1, negative
agonizingly, -1, negative
agony, -1, negative
agree, 1, positve
agreeable, 1, positve
aground, -1, negative
aid, 1, positve
ail, -1, negative
ailing, -1, negative
ailment, -1, negative
aim, 1, positve
abundance, 1, positve
accountability, 1, positve
accomplishment, 1, positve
accomplish, 1, positve
accuracy, 1, positve
achievement, 1, positve
achieve, 1, positve
acknowledgement, 1, positve
adaptability, 1, positve
adventure, 1, positve
adventurous, 1, positve
agility, 1, positve
aimless, -1, negative
alarm, -1, negative
alarmed, -1, negative
alarming, -1, negative
alarmingly, -1, negative
alertness, 1, positve
alienate, -1, negative
alienated, -1, negative
alienation, -1, negative
allegation, -1, negative
allegations, -1, negative
allege, -1, negative
allergic, -1, negative
allergies, -1, negative
allergy, -1, negative
aloof, -1, negative
altercation, -1, negative
ambiguity, -1, negative
ambiguous, -1, negative
ambition, 1, positve
ambivalence, -1, negative
ambivalent, -1, negative
ambush, -1, negative
amiss, -1, negative
amputate, -1, negative
anarchism, -1, negative
anarchist, -1, negative
anarchistic, -1, negative
anarchy, -1, negative
anemic, -1, negative
anger, -1, negative
angrily, -1, negative
angriness, -1, negative
angry, -1, negative
anguish, -1, negative
animosity, -1, negative
annihilate, -1, negative
annihilation, -1, negative
annoy, -1, negative
annoyance, -1, negative
annoyances, -1, negative
annoyed, -1, negative
annoying, -1, negative
annoyingly, -1, negative
annoys, -1, negative
anomalous, -1, negative
anomaly, -1, negative
antagonism, -1, negative
antagonist, -1, negative
antagonistic, -1, negative
antagonize, -1, negative
anti-, -1, negative
anti-occupation, -1, negative
anti-proliferation, -1, negative
anti-social, -1, negative
anti-us, -1, negative
anti-white, -1, negative
anticipation, 1, positve
antipathy, -1, negative
antiquated, -1, negative
antithetical, -1, negative
anxieties, -1, negative
anxiety, -1, negative
anxious, -1, negative
anxiously, -1, negative
anxiousness, -1, negative
apathetic, -1, negative
apathetically, -1, negative
apathy, -1, negative
apocalypse, -1, negative
apocalyptic, -1, negative
apologist, -1, negative
apologists, -1, negative
appall, -1, negative
appalled, -1, negative
appalling, -1, negative
appallingly, -1, negative
appreciate, 1, positve
appreciation, 1, positve
appreciative, 1, positve
appreciativeness, 1, positve
apprehension, -1, negative
apprehensions, -1, negative
apprehensive, -1, negative
apprehensively, -1, negative
arbitrary, -1, negative
arcane, -1, negative
archaic, -1, negative
arduous, -1, negative
arduously, -1, negative
argumentative, -1, negative
arrogance, -1, negative
arrogant, -1, negative
arrogantly, -1, negative
ashamed, -1, negative
asinine, -1, negative
asininely, -1, negative
askance, -1, negative
asperse, -1, negative
aspersion, -1, negative
aspersions, -1, negative
assail, -1, negative
assassin, -1, negative
assassinate, -1, negative
assault, -1, negative
assertiveness, 1, positve
assertive, 1, positve
astray, -1, negative
asunder, -1, negative
atrocious, -1, negative
atrocities, -1, negative
atrocity, -1, negative
atrophy, -1, negative
attack, -1, negative
attacks, -1, negative
attentiveness, 1, positve
audacious, -1, negative
audaciously, -1, negative
audaciousness, -1, negative
audacity, -1, negative
audacity, 1, positve
austere, -1, negative
authoritarian, -1, negative
autocrat, -1, negative
autocratic, -1, negative
avalanche, -1, negative
avarice, -1, negative
avaricious, -1, negative
avariciously, -1, negative
avenge, -1, negative
averse, -1, negative
aversion, -1, negative
aware, 1, positve
awareness, 1, positve
authentic, 1, positve
authenticity, 1, positve
abracadabra, 1, positve
attraction, 1, positve
allow, 1, positve
allowing, 1, positve
affection, 1, positve
affectionate, 1, positve
absorbed, 1, positve
alert, 1, positve
amazed, 1, positve
awe, 1, positve
awed, 1, positve
animate, 1, positve
animated, 1, positve
animating, 1, positve
animation, 1, positve
animateness, 1, positve
ardent, 1, positve
amazing, 1, positve
awesome, 1, positve
awesomeness, 1, positve
aroused, 1, positve
astonished, 1, positve
astonishing, 1, positve
amused, 1, positve
air, 1, positve
airness, 1, positve
aloha, 1, positve
adore, 1, positve
admire, 1, positve
admirable, 1, positve
allure, 1, positve
angel, 1, positve
angelic, 1, positve
altruism, 1, positve
altruistic, 1, positve
abound, 1, positve
abounding, 1, positve
abounds- abundant, 1, positve
absolute, 1, positve
absolutely, 1, positve
accessible, 1, positve
acclaimed, 1, positve
accommodate, 1, positve
accommodated, 1, positve
accommodation, 1, positve
accommodating, 1, positve
ample, 1, positve
appreciative joy, 1, positve
amin, 1, positve
accentuactivity, 1, positve
actability, 1, positve
affable, 1, positve
alacrity, 1, positve
altrucause, 1, positve
amiable, 1, positve
astounding, 1, positve
attractive, 1, positve
alive, 1, positve
aliveness, 1, positve
acclaim, 1, positve
abundant gratification, 1, positve
acclamation, 1, positve
accomplished, 1, positve
accomplishments, 1, positve
accurate, 1, positve
accurately, 1, positve
achievable, 1, positve
achievements, 1, positve
action for happiness, 1, positve
active and constructive steps, 1, positve
acts of kindness, 1, positve
adaptable, 1, positve
adaptive, 1, positve
adequate, 1, positve
admirably, 1, positve
admiration, 1, positve
admired, 1, positve
adored, 1, positve
adoring, 1, positve
adoringly, 1, positve
advanced, 1, positve
advantageous, 1, positve
advantageously, 1, positve
advantages, 1, positve
affability, 1, positve
affably, 1, positve
affinity, 1, positve
affirmation, 1, positve
affirmative, 1, positve
affluence, 1, positve
affluent, 1, positve
afford, 1, positve
affordable, 1, positve
affordably, 1, positve
agile, 1, positve
agilely, 1, positve
agreeableness, 1, positve
agreeably, 1, positve
aligned, 1, positve
all is well, 1, positve
alluring, 1, positve
alluringly, 1, positve
alternative healing, 1, positve
altruistically, 1, positve
amaze, 1, positve
amazement, 1, positve
amazes, 1, positve
amazingly, 1, positve
amiability, 1, positve
amicability, 1, positve
amicable, 1, positve
amicably, 1, positve
amusing, 1, positve
appeal, 1, positve
appealing, 1, positve
applaud, 1, positve
appreciable, 1, positve
appreciated, 1, positve
appreciates, 1, positve
appreciation of beauty, 1, positve
appreciatively, 1, positve
appropriate, 1, positve
approval, 1, positve
approve, 1, positve
ardor, 1, positve
art of appreciation, 1, positve
art of stillness, 1, positve
art of well-being, 1, positve
assurance, 1, positve
a reason for being, 1, positve
acaronar, 1, positve
accommodative, 1, positve
altitudinarian, 1, positve
amazing words, 1, positve
amiably, 1, positve
accolade, 1, positve
acumen, 1, positve
adjustable, 1, positve
admirer, 1, positve
admiring, 1, positve
admiringly, 1, positve
adorer, 1, positve
adroit, 1, positve
adroitly, 1, positve
adulated, 1, positve
adulation, 1, positve
adulatory, 1, positve
adventuresome, 1, positve
advocated, 1, positve
ambitious, 1, positve
ambitiously, 1, positve
ameliorate, 1, positve
amenity, 1, positve
amity, 1, positve
amply, 1, positve
amuse, 1, positve
amusingly, 1, positve
apotheosis, 1, positve
assume your own value, 1, positve
astonishingly, 1, positve
astonishment, 1, positve
authentic happiness, 1, positve
awaken, 1, positve
awakening, 1, positve
awful, -1, negative
awfully, -1, negative
awfulness, -1, negative
awkward, -1, negative
awkwardness, -1, negative
