babble, -1, negative
back-logged, -1, negative
back-wood, -1, negative
back-woods, -1, negative
backache, -1, negative
backaches, -1, negative
backbite, -1, negative
backbiting, -1, negative
backward, -1, negative
backwardness, -1, negative
backwoods, -1, negative
bad, -1, negative
badly, -1, negative
baffle, -1, negative
baffled, -1, negative
bafflement, -1, negative
baffling, -1, negative
bait, -1, negative
balk, -1, negative
banal, -1, negative
bane, -1, negative
banish, -1, negative
banishment, -1, negative
bankrupt, -1, negative
barbarian, -1, negative
barbaric, -1, negative
barbarically, -1, negative
barbarity, -1, negative
barbarous, -1, negative
barbarously, -1, negative
barren, -1, negative
baseless, -1, negative
bash, -1, negative
bashed, -1, negative
bashful, -1, negative
bashing, -1, negative
bastard, -1, negative
bastards, -1, negative
battered, -1, negative
battering, -1, negative
batty, -1, negative
bearish, -1, negative
beastly, -1, negative
beatify, 1, positve
beatitude, 1, positve
bedlam, -1, negative
bedlamite, -1, negative
befoul, -1, negative
beg, -1, negative
beggar, -1, negative
beggarly, -1, negative
begging, -1, negative
beguile, -1, negative
belabor, -1, negative
belated, -1, negative
beleaguer, -1, negative
belie, -1, negative
belittle, -1, negative
belittled, -1, negative
belittling, -1, negative
bellicose, -1, negative
belligerence, -1, negative
belligerent, -1, negative
belligerently, -1, negative
bemoan, -1, negative
bemoaning, -1, negative
bemused, -1, negative
beneficial, 1, positve
benefit, 1, positve
benevolent, 1, positve
beloved, 1, positve
bent, -1, negative
berate, -1, negative
bereave, -1, negative
bereavement, -1, negative
bereft, -1, negative
berserk, -1, negative
beseech, -1, negative
beset, -1, negative
besiege, -1, negative
besmirch, -1, negative
best, 1, positve
bestial, -1, negative
betray, -1, negative
betrayal, -1, negative
betrayals, -1, negative
betrayer, -1, negative
betraying, -1, negative
betrays, -1, negative
better, 1, positve
bewail, -1, negative
beware, -1, negative
bewilder, -1, negative
bewildered, -1, negative
bewildering, -1, negative
bewilderingly, -1, negative
bewilderment, -1, negative
bewitch, -1, negative
bias, -1, negative
biased, -1, negative
biases, -1, negative
bicker, -1, negative
bickering, -1, negative
bid-rigging, -1, negative
bigotries, -1, negative
bigotry, -1, negative
bitch, -1, negative
bitchy, -1, negative
biting, -1, negative
bitingly, -1, negative
bitter, -1, negative
bitterly, -1, negative
bitterness, -1, negative
bizarre, -1, negative
blab, -1, negative
blabber, -1, negative
blackmail, -1, negative
blah, -1, negative
blame, -1, negative
blameworthy, -1, negative
bland, -1, negative
blandish, -1, negative
blaspheme, -1, negative
blasphemous, -1, negative
blasphemy, -1, negative
blasted, -1, negative
blatant, -1, negative
blatantly, -1, negative
blather, -1, negative
bleak, -1, negative
bleakly, -1, negative
bleakness, -1, negative
bleed, -1, negative
bleeding, -1, negative
bleeds, -1, negative
blemish, -1, negative
bless, 1, positve
blessing, 1, positve
blessed, 1, positve
blind, -1, negative
blinding, -1, negative
blindingly, -1, negative
blindside, -1, negative
bliss, 1, positve
blissfulness, 1, positve
blissful, 1, positve
blister, -1, negative
blistering, -1, negative
bloated, -1, negative
blockage, -1, negative
blockhead, -1, negative
bloodshed, -1, negative
bloodthirsty, -1, negative
bloody, -1, negative
bloom, 1, positve
blossom, 1, positve
balance, 1, positve
balanced, 1, positve
beauty, 1, positve
beautiful, 1, positve
beautifully, 1, positve
belong, 1, positve
belonging, 1, positve
blotchy, -1, negative
blow, -1, negative
blunder, -1, negative
blundering, -1, negative
blunders, -1, negative
blunt, -1, negative
blur, -1, negative
blurred, -1, negative
blurring, -1, negative
blurry, -1, negative
blurs, -1, negative
blurt, -1, negative
boastful, -1, negative
boggle, -1, negative
bogus, -1, negative
boil, -1, negative
boiling, -1, negative
boisterous, -1, negative
boldness, 1, positve
bomb, -1, negative
bombard, -1, negative
bombardment, -1, negative
bombastic, -1, negative
bondage, -1, negative
bonkers, -1, negative
bore, -1, negative
bored, -1, negative
boredom, -1, negative
bores, -1, negative
boring, -1, negative
botch, -1, negative
bother, -1, negative
bothered, -1, negative
bothering, -1, negative
bothers, -1, negative
bothersome, -1, negative
bowdlerize, -1, negative
boycott, -1, negative
braggart, -1, negative
bragger, -1, negative
brainless, -1, negative
brainwash, -1, negative
brash, -1, negative
brashly, -1, negative
brashness, -1, negative
brat, -1, negative
bravado, -1, negative
bravery, 1, positve
brazen, -1, negative
brazenly, -1, negative
brazenness, -1, negative
breach, -1, negative
break, -1, negative
break-up, -1, negative
break-ups, -1, negative
breakdown, -1, negative
breaking, -1, negative
breaks, -1, negative
breakup, -1, negative
breakups, -1, negative
bribery, -1, negative
brilliance, 1, positve
brilliant, 1, positve
bliss on tap, 1, positve
beyond fabulous, 1, positve
biophilia, 1, positve
bright, 1, positve
brightness, 1, positve
balistic, 1, positve
blasting, 1, positve
blazing, 1, positve
blinding, 1, positve
breathtaking, 1, positve
brimstone, -1, negative
bristle, -1, negative
brittle, -1, negative
broke, -1, negative
broken, -1, negative
broken-hearted, -1, negative
brood, -1, negative
browbeat, -1, negative
bruise, -1, negative
bruised, -1, negative
bruises, -1, negative
bruising, -1, negative
brusque, -1, negative
brutal, -1, negative
brutalities, -1, negative
brutality, -1, negative
brutalize, -1, negative
brutalizing, -1, negative
brutally, -1, negative
brute, -1, negative
brutish, -1, negative
bubbling, 1, positve
buckle, -1, negative
bug, -1, negative
bugging, -1, negative
buggy, -1, negative
bugs, -1, negative
bulkier, -1, negative
bulkiness, -1, negative
bulky, -1, negative
bull****, -1, negative
bullâ€”-, -1, negative
bullies, -1, negative
bullshit, -1, negative
bully, -1, negative
bullying, -1, negative
bullyingly, -1, negative
bum, -1, negative
bump, -1, negative
bumped, -1, negative
bumping, -1, negative
bumps, -1, negative
bumpy, -1, negative
bungle, -1, negative
bungler, -1, negative
bungling, -1, negative
bunk, -1, negative
burden, -1, negative
burdensome, -1, negative
burdensomely, -1, negative
burn, -1, negative
burned, -1, negative
burning, -1, negative
burns, -1, negative
bust, -1, negative
busting, 1, positve
blisscipline, 1, positve
busts, -1, negative
busybody, -1, negative
butcher, -1, negative
butchery, -1, negative
buyancy, 1, positve
bullishness, 1, positve
briskness, 1, positve
buoyancy, 1, positve
breeziness, 1, positve
brio, 1, positve
be extraordinary, 1, positve
be happy, 1, positve
beautify, 1, positve
being at rest, 1, positve
benefactor, 1, positve
benefits, 1, positve
benevolence, 1, positve
benevolently, 1, positve
benevolently cheerful state of mind, 1, positve
best of all possible worlds, 1, positve
beyond, 1, positve
beauty in all things, 1, positve
beingness, 1, positve
believable, 1, positve
blood-brothers, 1, positve
bohemian soul, 1, positve
boho-soul, 1, positve
badassery, 1, positve
best-selling, 1, positve
better and better, 1, positve
better-known, 1, positve
better-than-expected, 1, positve
beyond thank you, 1, positve
big vision, 1, positve
blithesome, 1, positve
blossoming, 1, positve
bonus, 1, positve
buzzing, -1, negative
byzantine, -1, negative
