cackle, -1, negative
calamities, -1, negative
calamitous, -1, negative
calamitously, -1, negative
calamity, -1, negative
callous, -1, negative
calumniate, -1, negative
calumniation, -1, negative
calumnies, -1, negative
calumnious, -1, negative
calumniously, -1, negative
calumny, -1, negative
cancer, -1, negative
cancerous, -1, negative
cannibal, -1, negative
cannibalize, -1, negative
capitulate, -1, negative
capricious, -1, negative
capriciously, -1, negative
capriciousness, -1, negative
capsize, -1, negative
care, 1, positve
careless, -1, negative
carelessness, -1, negative
caricature, -1, negative
caring, 1, positve
calm, 1, positve
carnage, -1, negative
carp, -1, negative
cartoonish, -1, negative
cash-strapped, -1, negative
castigate, -1, negative
castrated, -1, negative
casualty, -1, negative
cataclysm, -1, negative
cataclysmal, -1, negative
cataclysmic, -1, negative
cataclysmically, -1, negative
catastrophe, -1, negative
catastrophes, -1, negative
catastrophic, -1, negative
catastrophically, -1, negative
caustic, -1, negative
caustically, -1, negative
cautionary, -1, negative
cave, -1, negative
censure, -1, negative
chafe, -1, negative
chaff, -1, negative
chagrin, -1, negative
challenging, -1, negative
chaos, -1, negative
chaotic, -1, negative
chasten, -1, negative
chastise, -1, negative
chastisement, -1, negative
chatter, -1, negative
chatterbox, -1, negative
cheap, -1, negative
cheapen, -1, negative
cheaply, -1, negative
cheat, -1, negative
cheated, -1, negative
cheater, -1, negative
cheating, -1, negative
cheats, -1, negative
checkered, -1, negative
cheerless, -1, negative
cheesy, -1, negative
chide, -1, negative
childish, -1, negative
chill, -1, negative
chilly, -1, negative
chintzy, -1, negative
choke, -1, negative
choleric, -1, negative
choppy, -1, negative
chore, -1, negative
chronic, -1, negative
chunky, -1, negative
clamor, -1, negative
clamorous, -1, negative
clash, -1, negative
clique, -1, negative
clog, -1, negative
clogged, -1, negative
clogs, -1, negative
cloud, -1, negative
clouding, -1, negative
cloudy, -1, negative
clueless, -1, negative
clumsy, -1, negative
clunky, -1, negative
coarse, -1, negative
cocky, -1, negative
coerce, -1, negative
coercion, -1, negative
coercive, -1, negative
cold, -1, negative
coldly, -1, negative
collapse, -1, negative
collude, -1, negative
collusion, -1, negative
combative, -1, negative
combust, -1, negative
comical, -1, negative
commiserate, -1, negative
commonplace, -1, negative
commotion, -1, negative
commotions, -1, negative
complacent, -1, negative
complain, -1, negative
complained, -1, negative
complaining, -1, negative
complains, -1, negative
complaint, -1, negative
complaints, -1, negative
complex, -1, negative
complicated, -1, negative
complication, -1, negative
complicit, -1, negative
compulsion, -1, negative
compulsive, -1, negative
concede, -1, negative
conceded, -1, negative
conceit, -1, negative
conceited, -1, negative
concern, -1, negative
concerned, -1, negative
concerns, -1, negative
concession, -1, negative
concessions, -1, negative
condemn, -1, negative
condemnable, -1, negative
condemnation, -1, negative
condemned, -1, negative
condemns, -1, negative
condescend, -1, negative
condescending, -1, negative
condescendingly, -1, negative
condescension, -1, negative
confess, -1, negative
confession, -1, negative
confessions, -1, negative
confined, -1, negative
conflict, -1, negative
conflicted, -1, negative
conflicting, -1, negative
conflicts, -1, negative
confound, -1, negative
confounded, -1, negative
confounding, -1, negative
confront, -1, negative
confrontation, -1, negative
confrontational, -1, negative
confuse, -1, negative
confused, -1, negative
confuses, -1, negative
confusing, -1, negative
confusion, -1, negative
confusions, -1, negative
congested, -1, negative
congestion, -1, negative
cons, -1, negative
conservative, -1, negative
conspicuous, -1, negative
conspicuously, -1, negative
conspiracies, -1, negative
conspiracy, -1, negative
conspirator, -1, negative
conspiratorial, -1, negative
conspire, -1, negative
consternation, -1, negative
contagious, -1, negative
contaminate, -1, negative
contaminated, -1, negative
contaminates, -1, negative
contaminating, -1, negative
contamination, -1, negative
contempt, -1, negative
contemptible, -1, negative
contemptuous, -1, negative
contemptuously, -1, negative
contend, -1, negative
contention, -1, negative
contentious, -1, negative
contort, -1, negative
contortions, -1, negative
contradict, -1, negative
contradiction, -1, negative
contradictory, -1, negative
contrariness, -1, negative
contravene, -1, negative
contrive, -1, negative
contrived, -1, negative
controversial, -1, negative
controversy, -1, negative
convoluted, -1, negative
corrode, -1, negative
corrosion, -1, negative
corrosions, -1, negative
corrosive, -1, negative
corrupt, -1, negative
corrupted, -1, negative
corrupting, -1, negative
corruption, -1, negative
corrupts, -1, negative
costlier, -1, negative
costly, -1, negative
counter-productive, -1, negative
counterproductive, -1, negative
covetous, -1, negative
coward, -1, negative
cowardly, -1, negative
crabby, -1, negative
crack, -1, negative
cracked, -1, negative
cracks, -1, negative
craftily, -1, negative
crafty, -1, negative
cramp, -1, negative
cramped, -1, negative
cramping, -1, negative
cranky, -1, negative
crap, -1, negative
crappy, -1, negative
craps, -1, negative
crash, -1, negative
crashed, -1, negative
crashes, -1, negative
crashing, -1, negative
crass, -1, negative
craven, -1, negative
cravenly, -1, negative
craze, -1, negative
crazily, -1, negative
craziness, -1, negative
crazy, -1, negative
creak, -1, negative
creaking, -1, negative
creaks, -1, negative
create, 1, positve
creative, 1, positve
creativity, 1, positve
creativeness , 1, positve
capable, 1, positve
capability, 1, positve
capably, 1, positve
celebrate, 1, positve
celebration, 1, positve
certain, 1, positve
certainty, 1, positve
charitable, 1, positve
charity, 1, positve
charm, 1, positve
charming, 1, positve
charmer, 1, positve
choice, 1, positve
clean, 1, positve
cleanliness, 1, positve
comfort, 1, positve
comfortable, 1, positve
comforting, 1, positve
credulous, -1, negative
creep, -1, negative
creeping, -1, negative
creeps, -1, negative
creepy, -1, negative
crept, -1, negative
crime, -1, negative
criminal, -1, negative
cringe, -1, negative
cringed, -1, negative
cringes, -1, negative
cripple, -1, negative
crippled, -1, negative
cripples, -1, negative
crippling, -1, negative
crisis, -1, negative
critic, -1, negative
critical, -1, negative
criticism, -1, negative
criticisms, -1, negative
criticize, -1, negative
criticized, -1, negative
criticizing, -1, negative
critics, -1, negative
cronyism, -1, negative
crook, -1, negative
crooked, -1, negative
crooks, -1, negative
crowded, -1, negative
crowdedness, -1, negative
crude, -1, negative
cruel, -1, negative
crueler, -1, negative
cruelest, -1, negative
cruelly, -1, negative
cruelness, -1, negative
cruelties, -1, negative
cruelty, -1, negative
crumble, -1, negative
crumbling, -1, negative
crummy, -1, negative
crumple, -1, negative
crumpled, -1, negative
crumples, -1, negative
crush, -1, negative
crushed, -1, negative
crushing, -1, negative
cry, -1, negative
cuddle, 1, positve
cuddling, 1, positve
candor, 1, positve
carefulness, 1, positve
challenge, 1, positve
change, 1, positve
cheerful, 1, positve
cheerfulness, 1, positve
clarity, 1, positve
collaboration, 1, positve
commitment, 1, positve
communication, 1, positve
community, 1, positve
compassion, 1, positve
compassionate, 1, positve
competent, 1, positve
competence, 1, positve
competency, 1, positve
concentration, 1, positve
confident, 1, positve
confidence, 1, positve
consciousness, 1, positve
consistency, 1, positve
consistent, 1, positve
content, 1, positve
contentment, 1, positve
continuity, 1, positve
continuous, 1, positve
contribution, 1, positve
conviction, 1, positve
convincing, 1, positve
cooperation, 1, positve
courage, 1, positve
courtesy, 1, positve
courteous, 1, positve
culpable, -1, negative
culprit, -1, negative
cumbersome, -1, negative
cunt, -1, negative
cunts, -1, negative
curious, 1, positve
curiosity, 1, positve
chakra, 1, positve
cool, 1, positve
clear headed, 1, positve
centered, 1, positve
closeness, 1, positve
companionship, 1, positve
considerate, 1, positve
consideration, 1, positve
communion, 1, positve
connect, 1, positve
connected, 1, positve
connection, 1, positve
connectedness, 1, positve
conquer, 1, positve
curse, -1, negative
cursed, -1, negative
curses, -1, negative
curt, -1, negative
cuss, -1, negative
cussed, -1, negative
cute, 1, positve
charisma, 1, positve
charismatic, 1, positve
collected, 1, positve
cheerful willingness, 1, positve
cheers, 1, positve
congruence, 1, positve
cordial, 1, positve
crank (up), 1, positve
capital, 1, positve
corking, 1, positve
clear, 1, positve
caress, 1, positve
cheerful mood, 1, positve
complimentary words, 1, positve
contented, 1, positve
coziness, 1, positve
cuteness, 1, positve
carefreeness, 1, positve
carefree, 1, positve
centering, 1, positve
centering meditation, 1, positve
citizen of mastery, 1, positve
co-creating, 1, positve
co-creator, 1, positve
cohesion, 1, positve
continual stream of synchronicity, 1, positve
creative process, 1, positve
cutthroat, -1, negative
cynical, -1, negative
cynicism, -1, negative
