damage, -1, negative
damaged, -1, negative
damages, -1, negative
damaging, -1, negative
damn, -1, negative
damnable, -1, negative
damnably, -1, negative
damnation, -1, negative
damned, -1, negative
damning, -1, negative
damper, -1, negative
danger, -1, negative
dangerous, -1, negative
dangerousness, -1, negative
dark, -1, negative
darken, -1, negative
darkened, -1, negative
darker, -1, negative
darkness, -1, negative
dastard, -1, negative
dastardly, -1, negative
daunt, -1, negative
daunting, -1, negative
dauntingly, -1, negative
dawdle, -1, negative
daze, -1, negative
dazed, -1, negative
dead, -1, negative
deadbeat, -1, negative
deadlock, -1, negative
deadly, -1, negative
deadweight, -1, negative
deaf, -1, negative
dearth, -1, negative
death, -1, negative
debacle, -1, negative
debase, -1, negative
debasement, -1, negative
debaser, -1, negative
debatable, -1, negative
debauch, -1, negative
debaucher, -1, negative
debauchery, -1, negative
debilitate, -1, negative
debilitating, -1, negative
debility, -1, negative
debt, -1, negative
debts, -1, negative
decadence, -1, negative
decadent, -1, negative
decay, -1, negative
decayed, -1, negative
deceit, -1, negative
deceitful, -1, negative
deceitfully, -1, negative
deceitfulness, -1, negative
deceive, -1, negative
deceiver, -1, negative
deceivers, -1, negative
deceiving, -1, negative
deception, -1, negative
deceptive, -1, negative
deceptively, -1, negative
declaim, -1, negative
decline, -1, negative
declines, -1, negative
declining, -1, negative
decrement, -1, negative
decrepit, -1, negative
decrepitude, -1, negative
decry, -1, negative
defamation, -1, negative
defamations, -1, negative
defamatory, -1, negative
defame, -1, negative
defect, -1, negative
defective, -1, negative
defects, -1, negative
defensive, -1, negative
defiance, -1, negative
defiant, -1, negative
defiantly, -1, negative
deficiencies, -1, negative
deficiency, -1, negative
deficient, -1, negative
defile, -1, negative
defiler, -1, negative
deform, -1, negative
deformed, -1, negative
defrauding, -1, negative
defunct, -1, negative
defy, -1, negative
degenerate, -1, negative
degenerately, -1, negative
degeneration, -1, negative
degradation, -1, negative
degrade, -1, negative
degrading, -1, negative
degradingly, -1, negative
dehumanization, -1, negative
dehumanize, -1, negative
deign, -1, negative
deject, -1, negative
dejected, -1, negative
dejectedly, -1, negative
dejection, -1, negative
delay, -1, negative
delayed, -1, negative
delaying, -1, negative
delays, -1, negative
delinquency, -1, negative
delinquent, -1, negative
delirious, -1, negative
delirium, -1, negative
delude, -1, negative
deluded, -1, negative
deluge, -1, negative
delusion, -1, negative
delusional, -1, negative
delusions, -1, negative
demean, -1, negative
demeaning, -1, negative
demise, -1, negative
demolish, -1, negative
demolisher, -1, negative
demon, -1, negative
demonic, -1, negative
demonize, -1, negative
demonized, -1, negative
demonizes, -1, negative
demonizing, -1, negative
demoralize, -1, negative
demoralizing, -1, negative
demoralizingly, -1, negative
denial, -1, negative
denied, -1, negative
denies, -1, negative
denigrate, -1, negative
denounce, -1, negative
dense, -1, negative
dent, -1, negative
dented, -1, negative
dents, -1, negative
denunciate, -1, negative
denunciation, -1, negative
denunciations, -1, negative
deny, -1, negative
denying, -1, negative
deplete, -1, negative
deplorable, -1, negative
deplorably, -1, negative
deplore, -1, negative
deploring, -1, negative
deploringly, -1, negative
deprave, -1, negative
depraved, -1, negative
depravedly, -1, negative
deprecate, -1, negative
depress, -1, negative
depressed, -1, negative
depressing, -1, negative
depressingly, -1, negative
depression, -1, negative
depressions, -1, negative
deprive, -1, negative
deprived, -1, negative
deride, -1, negative
derision, -1, negative
derisive, -1, negative
derisively, -1, negative
derisiveness, -1, negative
derogatory, -1, negative
desecrate, -1, negative
desert, -1, negative
desertion, -1, negative
desiccate, -1, negative
desiccated, -1, negative
desolate, -1, negative
desolately, -1, negative
desolation, -1, negative
despair, -1, negative
despairing, -1, negative
despairingly, -1, negative
desperate, -1, negative
desperately, -1, negative
desperation, -1, negative
despicable, -1, negative
despicably, -1, negative
despise, -1, negative
despised, -1, negative
despoil, -1, negative
despoiler, -1, negative
despondence, -1, negative
despondency, -1, negative
despondent, -1, negative
despondently, -1, negative
despot, -1, negative
despotic, -1, negative
despotism, -1, negative
destitute, -1, negative
destitution, -1, negative
destroy, -1, negative
destroyer, -1, negative
destruction, -1, negative
destructive, -1, negative
desultory, -1, negative
deter, -1, negative
deteriorate, -1, negative
deteriorating, -1, negative
deterioration, -1, negative
deterrent, -1, negative
detest, -1, negative
detestable, -1, negative
detestably, -1, negative
detested, -1, negative
detesting, -1, negative
detests, -1, negative
detract, -1, negative
detracted, -1, negative
detracting, -1, negative
detraction, -1, negative
detracts, -1, negative
detriment, -1, negative
detrimental, -1, negative
devastate, -1, negative
devastated, -1, negative
devastates, -1, negative
devastating, -1, negative
devastatingly, -1, negative
devastation, -1, negative
deviate, -1, negative
deviation, -1, negative
devil, -1, negative
devilish, -1, negative
devilishly, -1, negative
devilment, -1, negative
devilry, -1, negative
devious, -1, negative
deviously, -1, negative
deviousness, -1, negative
devoid, -1, negative
diabolic, -1, negative
diabolical, -1, negative
diabolically, -1, negative
diametrically, -1, negative
diatribe, -1, negative
diatribes, -1, negative
dick, -1, negative
dictator, -1, negative
dictatorial, -1, negative
die, -1, negative
die-hard, -1, negative
died, -1, negative
dies, -1, negative
difficult, -1, negative
difficulties, -1, negative
difficulty, -1, negative
diffidence, -1, negative
dilapidated, -1, negative
dilemma, -1, negative
dilly-dally, -1, negative
dim, -1, negative
dimmer, -1, negative
ding, -1, negative
dings, -1, negative
dinky, -1, negative
dire, -1, negative
direction, 1, positve
delicate, 1, positve
decent, 1, positve
desirable, 1, positve
delicious, 1, positve
deliciousness, 1, positve
direly, -1, negative
direness, -1, negative
dirt, -1, negative
dirty, -1, negative
disable, -1, negative
disabled, -1, negative
disaccord, -1, negative
disadvantage, -1, negative
disadvantaged, -1, negative
disadvantageous, -1, negative
disadvantages, -1, negative
disaffect, -1, negative
disaffected, -1, negative
disaffirm, -1, negative
disagree, -1, negative
disagreeable, -1, negative
disagreeably, -1, negative
disagreed, -1, negative
disagreeing, -1, negative
disagreement, -1, negative
disagrees, -1, negative
disallow, -1, negative
disappoint, -1, negative
disappointed, -1, negative
disappointing, -1, negative
disappointingly, -1, negative
disappointment, -1, negative
disappointments, -1, negative
disappoints, -1, negative
disapprobation, -1, negative
disapproval, -1, negative
disapprove, -1, negative
disapproving, -1, negative
disarm, -1, negative
disarray, -1, negative
disaster, -1, negative
disastrous, -1, negative
disastrously, -1, negative
disavow, -1, negative
disavowal, -1, negative
disbelief, -1, negative
disbelieve, -1, negative
disbeliever, -1, negative
disclaim, -1, negative
discombobulate, -1, negative
discomfit, -1, negative
discomfort, -1, negative
discompose, -1, negative
disconcert, -1, negative
disconcerted, -1, negative
disconcerting, -1, negative
disconcertingly, -1, negative
disconsolate, -1, negative
disconsolately, -1, negative
disconsolation, -1, negative
discontent, -1, negative
discontented, -1, negative
discontentedly, -1, negative
discontinued, -1, negative
discontinuity, -1, negative
discontinuous, -1, negative
discord, -1, negative
discordance, -1, negative
discordant, -1, negative
discountenance, -1, negative
discourage, -1, negative
discouragement, -1, negative
discouraging, -1, negative
discouragingly, -1, negative
discourteous, -1, negative
discourteously, -1, negative
discredit, -1, negative
discrepant, -1, negative
discriminate, -1, negative
discrimination, -1, negative
discriminatory, -1, negative
disdain, -1, negative
disdained, -1, negative
disdainful, -1, negative
disdainfully, -1, negative
disfavor, -1, negative
disgrace, -1, negative
disgraced, -1, negative
disgraceful, -1, negative
disgracefully, -1, negative
disgruntle, -1, negative
disgruntled, -1, negative
disgust, -1, negative
disgusted, -1, negative
disgustedly, -1, negative
disgustful, -1, negative
disgustfully, -1, negative
disgusting, -1, negative
disgustingly, -1, negative
dishearten, -1, negative
disheartening, -1, negative
dishearteningly, -1, negative
dishonest, -1, negative
dishonestly, -1, negative
dishonesty, -1, negative
dishonor, -1, negative
dishonorable, -1, negative
disillusion, -1, negative
disillusioned, -1, negative
disillusionment, -1, negative
disillusions, -1, negative
disinclination, -1, negative
disinclined, -1, negative
disingenuous, -1, negative
disingenuously, -1, negative
disintegrate, -1, negative
disintegrated, -1, negative
disintegrates, -1, negative
disintegration, -1, negative
disinterest, -1, negative
disinterested, -1, negative
dislike, -1, negative
disliked, -1, negative
dislikes, -1, negative
disliking, -1, negative
dislocated, -1, negative
disloyal, -1, negative
disloyalty, -1, negative
dismal, -1, negative
dismally, -1, negative
dismalness, -1, negative
dismay, -1, negative
dismayed, -1, negative
dismaying, -1, negative
dismayingly, -1, negative
dismissive, -1, negative
dismissively, -1, negative
disobedience, -1, negative
disobedient, -1, negative
disobey, -1, negative
disorder, -1, negative
disordered, -1, negative
disorderly, -1, negative
disorganized, -1, negative
disorient, -1, negative
disoriented, -1, negative
disown, -1, negative
disparage, -1, negative
disparaging, -1, negative
disparagingly, -1, negative
dispensable, -1, negative
dispirit, -1, negative
dispirited, -1, negative
dispiritedly, -1, negative
dispiriting, -1, negative
displace, -1, negative
displaced, -1, negative
displease, -1, negative
displeased, -1, negative
displeasing, -1, negative
displeasure, -1, negative
disproportionate, -1, negative
disprove, -1, negative
disputable, -1, negative
dispute, -1, negative
disputed, -1, negative
disquiet, -1, negative
disquieting, -1, negative
disquietingly, -1, negative
disquietude, -1, negative
disregard, -1, negative
disregardful, -1, negative
disreputable, -1, negative
disrepute, -1, negative
disrespect, -1, negative
disrespectable, -1, negative
disrespectful, -1, negative
disrespectfully, -1, negative
disrespectfulness, -1, negative
disrespecting, -1, negative
disrupt, -1, negative
disruption, -1, negative
disruptive, -1, negative
dissatisfaction, -1, negative
dissatisfactory, -1, negative
dissatisfied, -1, negative
dissatisfies, -1, negative
dissatisfy, -1, negative
dissatisfying, -1, negative
dissed, -1, negative
dissemble, -1, negative
dissembler, -1, negative
dissension, -1, negative
dissent, -1, negative
dissenter, -1, negative
dissention, -1, negative
disservice, -1, negative
disses, -1, negative
dissidence, -1, negative
dissident, -1, negative
dissidents, -1, negative
dissing, -1, negative
dissocial, -1, negative
dissolute, -1, negative
dissolution, -1, negative
dissonance, -1, negative
dissonant, -1, negative
dissonantly, -1, negative
dissuade, -1, negative
dissuasive, -1, negative
distains, -1, negative
distaste, -1, negative
distasteful, -1, negative
distastefully, -1, negative
distort, -1, negative
distorted, -1, negative
distortion, -1, negative
distorts, -1, negative
distract, -1, negative
distracting, -1, negative
distraction, -1, negative
distraught, -1, negative
distraughtly, -1, negative
distress, -1, negative
distressed, -1, negative
distressing, -1, negative
distressingly, -1, negative
distrust, -1, negative
distrustful, -1, negative
distrusting, -1, negative
disturb, -1, negative
disturbance, -1, negative
disturbed, -1, negative
disturbing, -1, negative
disturbingly, -1, negative
disunity, -1, negative
disvalue, -1, negative
divergent, -1, negative
divisive, -1, negative
divisively, -1, negative
divisiveness, -1, negative
dizzy, -1, negative
do, 1, positve
doddering, -1, negative
dogged, -1, negative
doggedly, -1, negative
dogmatic, -1, negative
doldrums, -1, negative
domineer, -1, negative
domineering, -1, negative
doom, -1, negative
doomed, -1, negative
doomsday, -1, negative
dope, -1, negative
doubt, -1, negative
doubtful, -1, negative
doubtfully, -1, negative
doubts, -1, negative
douchebag, -1, negative
douchebags, -1, negative
downbeat, -1, negative
downcast, -1, negative
downer, -1, negative
downfall, -1, negative
downfallen, -1, negative
downgrade, -1, negative
downhearted, -1, negative
downheartedly, -1, negative
downhill, -1, negative
downside, -1, negative
downsides, -1, negative
downturn, -1, negative
downturns, -1, negative
drab, -1, negative
draconian, -1, negative
draconic, -1, negative
drag, -1, negative
dragged, -1, negative
dragging, -1, negative
dragoon, -1, negative
drags, -1, negative
drain, -1, negative
drained, -1, negative
draining, -1, negative
drains, -1, negative
drastic, -1, negative
drastically, -1, negative
drawback, -1, negative
drawbacks, -1, negative
dread, -1, negative
dreadful, -1, negative
dreadfully, -1, negative
dreadfulness, -1, negative
dream, 1, positve
dreamy, 1, positve
dreary, -1, negative
dripped, -1, negative
dripping, -1, negative
drippy, -1, negative
drips, -1, negative
drones, -1, negative
droop, -1, negative
droops, -1, negative
drop-out, -1, negative
drop-outs, -1, negative
dropout, -1, negative
dropouts, -1, negative
drought, -1, negative
drowning, -1, negative
drunk, -1, negative
drunkard, -1, negative
drunken, -1, negative
dubious, -1, negative
dubiously, -1, negative
dubitable, -1, negative
dud, -1, negative
dull, -1, negative
dullard, -1, negative
dumb, -1, negative
dumbfound, -1, negative
dump, -1, negative
dumped, -1, negative
dumping, -1, negative
dumps, -1, negative
dunce, -1, negative
dungeon, -1, negative
dungeons, -1, negative
dupe, -1, negative
dust, -1, negative
dusty, -1, negative
dwindling, -1, negative
dying, -1, negative
dynamic, 1, positive
daring, 1, positive
decisiveness, 1, positive
delight, 1, positive
delighted, 1, positive
delightful, 1, positive
dependability, 1, positive
desire, 1, positive
determination, 1, positive
devotion, 1, positive
dignity, 1, positive
diligence, 1, positive
discipline, 1, positive
discovery, 1, positive
discretion, 1, positive
diversity, 1, positive
drive, 1, positive
duty, 1, positive
divine, 1, positive
dazzled, 1, positive
disney, 1, positive
devoted, 1, positive
dandy, 1, positive
daimon, 1, positive
debonair, 1, positive
detachment, 1, positive
dedicated, 1, positive
dauwtrappen, 1, positive
dazzle, 1, positive
delightfully, 1, positive
defencelessness, 1, positive
deeper part of you, 1, positive
deserve, 1, positive
deservedness, 1, positive
deservingness, 1, positive
dis-identify, 1, positive
dope, 1, positive
dope chill out, 1, positive
