earsplitting, -1, negative
eccentric, -1, negative
eccentricity, -1, negative
effigy, -1, negative
effrontery, -1, negative
egocentric, -1, negative
egomania, -1, negative
egotism, -1, negative
egotistical, -1, negative
egotistically, -1, negative
egregious, -1, negative
egregiously, -1, negative
election-rigger, -1, negative
elimination, -1, negative
emaciated, -1, negative
emasculate, -1, negative
embarrass, -1, negative
embarrassing, -1, negative
embarrassingly, -1, negative
embarrassment, -1, negative
embattled, -1, negative
embroil, -1, negative
embroiled, -1, negative
embroilment, -1, negative
emergency, -1, negative
empathy, 1, positve
empathize, 1, positve
emphatic, -1, negative
emphatic, 1, positve
easy, 1, positve
easily, 1, positve
easier, 1, positve
educate, 1, positve
education, 1, positve
educated, 1, positve
efficient, 1, positve
emphatically, -1, negative
emptiness, -1, negative
enable, 1, positve
enabled, 1, positve
encroach, -1, negative
encroachment, -1, negative
endanger, -1, negative
enemies, -1, negative
enemy, -1, negative
energetic, 1, positve
energize, 1, positve
energy, 1, positve
enervate, -1, negative
enfeeble, -1, negative
enflame, -1, negative
engage, 1, positve
engaging, 1, positve
engaged, 1, positve
engulf, -1, negative
enjoin, -1, negative
enjoy, 1, positve
enjoyment, 1, positve
enmity, -1, negative
enough, 1, positve
eager, 1, positve
eagerness, 1, positve
effectiveness, 1, positve
efficiency, 1, positve
elation, 1, positve
elegance, 1, positve
encourage, 1, positve
encouragement, 1, positve
encouraged, 1, positve
endurance, 1, positve
enrage, -1, negative
enraged, -1, negative
enraging, -1, negative
enslave, -1, negative
entangle, -1, negative
entanglement, -1, negative
entrap, -1, negative
entrapment, -1, negative
envious, -1, negative
enviously, -1, negative
enviousness, -1, negative
epidemic, -1, negative
equality, 1, positve
equivocal, -1, negative
erase, -1, negative
erode, -1, negative
erodes, -1, negative
erosion, -1, negative
err, -1, negative
errant, -1, negative
erratic, -1, negative
erratically, -1, negative
erroneous, -1, negative
erroneously, -1, negative
error, -1, negative
errors, -1, negative
eruptions, -1, negative
escapade, -1, negative
eschew, -1, negative
estranged, -1, negative
evade, -1, negative
evasion, -1, negative
evasive, -1, negative
evil, -1, negative
evildoer, -1, negative
evils, -1, negative
eviscerate, -1, negative
exacerbate, -1, negative
exaggerate, -1, negative
exaggeration, -1, negative
exasperate, -1, negative
exasperated, -1, negative
exasperating, -1, negative
exasperatingly, -1, negative
exasperation, -1, negative
excellence, 1, positve
excellent, 1, positve
excessive, -1, negative
excessively, -1, negative
excite, 1, positve
excitement, 1, positve
excited, 1, positve
exclusion, -1, negative
excoriate, -1, negative
excruciating, -1, negative
excruciatingly, -1, negative
excuse, -1, negative
excuses, -1, negative
execrate, -1, negative
exhaust, -1, negative
exhausted, -1, negative
exhaustion, -1, negative
exhausts, -1, negative
exhort, -1, negative
exile, -1, negative
exorbitant, -1, negative
exorbitantly, -1, negative
expel, -1, negative
expensive, -1, negative
experience, 1, positve
expertise, 1, positve
expire, -1, negative
expired, -1, negative
explode, -1, negative
exploit, -1, negative
exploitation, -1, negative
exploration, 1, positve
explosive, -1, negative
expressiveness, 1, positve
expressing, 1, positve
enlightenment, 1, positve
eternal, 1, positve
exaltation, 1, positve
emulate, 1, positve
empower, 1, positve
empowering, 1, positve
empowered, 1, positve
expansive, 1, positve
exhilarating, 1, positve
enthusiastic, 1, positve
enthusiasm, 1, positve
engrossed, 1, positve
enchanted, 1, positve
entranced, 1, positve
ecstatic, 1, positve
elated, 1, positve
enthralled, 1, positve
expropriate, -1, negative
expropriation, -1, negative
expulse, -1, negative
expunge, -1, negative
exterminate, -1, negative
extermination, -1, negative
extinguish, -1, negative
extort, -1, negative
extortion, -1, negative
extraneous, -1, negative
extravagance, -1, negative
extravagant, -1, negative
extravagantly, -1, negative
extremism, -1, negative
extremist, -1, negative
extremists, -1, negative
exuberant, 1, positve
exuberance, 1, positve
expectant, 1, positve
equanimous, 1, positve
enlivened, 1, positve
efficacy, 1, positve
ease, 1, positve
exemplary, 1, positve
extraordinary, 1, positve
earnest, 1, positve
elevate, 1, positve
elevated, 1, positve
equanimity, 1, positve
ease-of-mind, 1, positve
excited anticipation, 1, positve
extra, 1, positve
equity, 1, positve
equitably, 1, positve
equitable, 1, positve
easy to talk to, 1, positve
easy to approach, 1, positve
ecstatify, 1, positve
eudaemonism, 1, positve
eudaemonist, 1, positve
eudaemonistic, 1, positve
eudaimonia, 1, positve
eudamonia, 1, positve
evolve, 1, positve
exalting, 1, positve
exstatisfy, 1, positve
exultant, 1, positve
astronomical, 1, positve
champion, 1, positve
champâ€™, 1, positve
electric, 1, positve
enormous , 1, positve
exceptional, 1, positve
exciting, 1, positve
exquisite, 1, positve
effortlessness, 1, positve
eunoia, 1, positve
ecosophy, 1, positve
ebullience, 1, positve
embrace, 1, positve
empowering words, 1, positve
encouraging words, 1, positve
erlebnis, 1, positve
effortless ease, 1, positve
effortlessly, 1, positve
ekaggata, 1, positve
embody the love, 1, positve
eyesore, -1, negative
