fabricate, -1, negative
fabrication, -1, negative
facetious, -1, negative
facetiously, -1, negative
fail, -1, negative
failed, -1, negative
failing, -1, negative
fails, -1, negative
failure, -1, negative
failures, -1, negative
faint, -1, negative
fainthearted, -1, negative
faithless, -1, negative
fake, -1, negative
fall, -1, negative
fallacies, -1, negative
fallacious, -1, negative
fallaciously, -1, negative
fallaciousness, -1, negative
fallacy, -1, negative
fallen, -1, negative
falling, -1, negative
fallout, -1, negative
falls, -1, negative
false, -1, negative
falsehood, -1, negative
falsely, -1, negative
falsify, -1, negative
falter, -1, negative
faltered, -1, negative
famine, -1, negative
famished, -1, negative
fanatic, -1, negative
fanatical, -1, negative
fanatically, -1, negative
fanaticism, -1, negative
fanatics, -1, negative
fanciful, -1, negative
fantastic, 1, positve
far-fetched, -1, negative
farce, -1, negative
farcical, -1, negative
farcical-yet-provocative, -1, negative
farcically, -1, negative
farfetched, -1, negative
fascism, -1, negative
fascist, -1, negative
fastidious, -1, negative
fastidiously, -1, negative
fat, -1, negative
fat-cat, -1, negative
fat-cats, -1, negative
fatal, -1, negative
fatalistic, -1, negative
fatalistically, -1, negative
fatally, -1, negative
fateful, -1, negative
fatefully, -1, negative
fathomless, -1, negative
fatigue, -1, negative
fatigued, -1, negative
fatty, -1, negative
fatuity, -1, negative
fatuous, -1, negative
fatuously, -1, negative
fault, -1, negative
faults, -1, negative
faulty, -1, negative
fawningly, -1, negative
faze, -1, negative
fear, -1, negative
fearful, -1, negative
fearfully, -1, negative
fears, -1, negative
fearsome, -1, negative
feckless, -1, negative
feeble, -1, negative
feebleminded, -1, negative
feel good, 1, positve
feeling good, 1, positve
feign, -1, negative
feint, -1, negative
fell, -1, negative
felon, -1, negative
felonious, -1, negative
ferociously, -1, negative
ferocity, -1, negative
fetid, -1, negative
fever, -1, negative
feverish, -1, negative
fevers, -1, negative
fiasco, -1, negative
fib, -1, negative
fibber, -1, negative
fickle, -1, negative
fiction, -1, negative
fictional, -1, negative
fictitious, -1, negative
fidget, -1, negative
fidgety, -1, negative
fiend, -1, negative
fiendish, -1, negative
fierce, -1, negative
figurehead, -1, negative
filth, -1, negative
filthy, -1, negative
finagle, -1, negative
finicky, -1, negative
fissures, -1, negative
fist, -1, negative
flabbergast, -1, negative
flabbergasted, -1, negative
flagging, -1, negative
flagrant, -1, negative
flagrantly, -1, negative
flair, -1, negative
flairs, -1, negative
flak, -1, negative
flake, -1, negative
flakey, -1, negative
flaking, -1, negative
flaky, -1, negative
flare, -1, negative
flares, -1, negative
flat-out, -1, negative
flaunt, -1, negative
flaw, -1, negative
flawed, -1, negative
flaws, -1, negative
flee, -1, negative
fleeing, -1, negative
fleer, -1, negative
flees, -1, negative
fleeting, -1, negative
flicker, -1, negative
flickering, -1, negative
flickers, -1, negative
flighty, -1, negative
flimflam, -1, negative
flimsy, -1, negative
flirt, -1, negative
flirty, -1, negative
floored, -1, negative
flounder, -1, negative
floundering, -1, negative
flout, -1, negative
flow, 1, positve
flowing, 1, positve
fabulous, 1, positve
fair, 1, positve
faith, 1, positve
faithful, 1, positve
fame, 1, positve
favorite, 1, positve
fairness, 1, positve
family, 1, positve
fidelity, 1, positve
flexibility, 1, positve
fluster, -1, negative
focus, 1, positve
flourish, 1, positve
foe, -1, negative
fool, -1, negative
fooled, -1, negative
foolhardy, -1, negative
foolish, -1, negative
foolishly, -1, negative
foolishness, -1, negative
forbid, -1, negative
forbidden, -1, negative
forbidding, -1, negative
forceful, -1, negative
foreboding, -1, negative
forebodingly, -1, negative
forfeit, -1, negative
forged, -1, negative
forgetful, -1, negative
forgetfully, -1, negative
forgetfulness, -1, negative
forgive, 1, positve
forgiving, 1, positve
forgiveness, 1, positve
forlorn, -1, negative
forlornly, -1, negative
forsake, -1, negative
forsaken, -1, negative
forswear, -1, negative
fortitude, 1, positve
foul, -1, negative
foully, -1, negative
foulness, -1, negative
fractious, -1, negative
fractiously, -1, negative
fracture, -1, negative
fragile, -1, negative
fragmented, -1, negative
frail, -1, negative
frantic, -1, negative
frantically, -1, negative
franticly, -1, negative
fraud, -1, negative
fraudulent, -1, negative
fraught, -1, negative
frazzle, -1, negative
frazzled, -1, negative
freak, -1, negative
freaking, -1, negative
freakish, -1, negative
freakishly, -1, negative
freaks, -1, negative
free, 1, positve
freedom, 1, positve
freeze, -1, negative
freezes, -1, negative
freezing, -1, negative
frenetic, -1, negative
frenetically, -1, negative
frenzied, -1, negative
frenzy, -1, negative
fret, -1, negative
fretful, -1, negative
frets, -1, negative
friction, -1, negative
frictions, -1, negative
fried, -1, negative
frigging, -1, negative
fright, -1, negative
frighten, -1, negative
frightening, -1, negative
frighteningly, -1, negative
frightful, -1, negative
frightfully, -1, negative
frigid, -1, negative
frost, -1, negative
frown, -1, negative
froze, -1, negative
frozen, -1, negative
frugality, 1, positve
fruitless, -1, negative
fruitlessly, -1, negative
frustrate, -1, negative
frustrated, -1, negative
frustrates, -1, negative
frustrating, -1, negative
frustratingly, -1, negative
frustration, -1, negative
frustrations, -1, negative
fuck, -1, negative
fucking, -1, negative
fudge, -1, negative
fugitive, -1, negative
full-blown, -1, negative
fulminate, -1, negative
fumble, -1, negative
fume, -1, negative
fumes, -1, negative
fun, 1, positve
fundamentalism, -1, negative
funky, -1, negative
funnily, -1, negative
funny, -1, negative
furious, -1, negative
furiously, -1, negative
furor, -1, negative
fury, -1, negative
fuss, -1, negative
fussy, -1, negative
fustigate, -1, negative
fusty, -1, negative
futile, -1, negative
futilely, -1, negative
futility, -1, negative
future, 1, positve
friend, 1, positve
friendly, 1, positve
friendship, 1, positve
friendliness, 1, positve
fascinate, 1, positve
fascinated, 1, positve
fulfill, 1, positve
fulfilled, 1, positve
food, 1, positve
feisty, 1, positve
feistiness, 1, positve
feasible, 1, positve
fine, 1, positve
fearless, 1, positve
festive, 1, positve
festiveness, 1, positve
fit, 1, positve
fantabulous, 1, positve
freecycle, 1, positve
funerific, 1, positve
funology, 1, positve
flawless, 1, positve
famous, 1, positve
fancy, 1, positve
flashy, 1, positve
ftw, 1, positve
funny jokes, 1, positve
flaunting, 1, positve
fondle, 1, positve
fric-tionlessly, 1, positve
flawlessly, 1, positve
flourishing, 1, positve
fortuitous, 1, positve
fuzzy, -1, negative
