gabble, -1, negative
gaff, -1, negative
gaffe, -1, negative
gainsay, -1, negative
gainsayer, -1, negative
gall, -1, negative
galling, -1, negative
gallingly, -1, negative
galls, -1, negative
gangster, -1, negative
gape, -1, negative
garbage, -1, negative
garish, -1, negative
gasp, -1, negative
gauche, -1, negative
gaudy, -1, negative
gawk, -1, negative
gawky, -1, negative
geezer, -1, negative
genocide, -1, negative
get-rich, -1, negative
ghastly, -1, negative
ghetto, -1, negative
ghosting, -1, negative
gibber, -1, negative
gibberish, -1, negative
gibe, -1, negative
giddy, -1, negative
gimmick, -1, negative
gimmicked, -1, negative
gimmicking, -1, negative
gimmicks, -1, negative
gimmicky, -1, negative
glare, -1, negative
glaringly, -1, negative
glib, -1, negative
glibly, -1, negative
glitch, -1, negative
glitches, -1, negative
gloatingly, -1, negative
gloom, -1, negative
gloomy, -1, negative
glow, 1, positve
generous, 1, positve
generosity, 1, positve
generate, 1, positve
genial, 1, positve
genius, 1, positve
genuine, 1, positve
gift, 1, positve
give, 1, positve
giving, 1, positve
glower, -1, negative
glum, -1, negative
glut, -1, negative
gnawing, -1, negative
goad, -1, negative
goading, -1, negative
god-awful, -1, negative
good, 1, positve
goodness, 1, positve
going the extra mile, 1, positve
goof, -1, negative
goofy, -1, negative
goon, -1, negative
gossip, -1, negative
grace, 1, positve
graceless, -1, negative
gracelessly, -1, negative
graft, -1, negative
grainy, -1, negative
grapple, -1, negative
grate, -1, negative
grating, -1, negative
gratitude, 1, positve
gratefulness, 1, positve
gravely, -1, negative
greasy, -1, negative
greed, -1, negative
greedy, -1, negative
grief, -1, negative
grievance, -1, negative
grievances, -1, negative
grieve, -1, negative
grieving, -1, negative
grievous, -1, negative
grievously, -1, negative
grim, -1, negative
grimace, -1, negative
grind, -1, negative
gripe, -1, negative
gripes, -1, negative
grisly, -1, negative
gritty, -1, negative
gross, -1, negative
grossly, -1, negative
grotesque, -1, negative
grouch, -1, negative
grouchy, -1, negative
groundless, -1, negative
grouse, -1, negative
grow, 1, positve
growl, -1, negative
growth, 1, positve
grudge, -1, negative
grudges, -1, negative
grudging, -1, negative
grudgingly, -1, negative
gruesome, -1, negative
gruesomely, -1, negative
gruff, -1, negative
grumble, -1, negative
grumpier, -1, negative
grumpiest, -1, negative
grumpily, -1, negative
grumpy, -1, negative
guide, 1, positve
guiding, 1, positve
guidance, 1, positve
god, 1, positve
grounded, 1, positve
glory, 1, positve
godliness, 1, positve
good-feeling, 1, positve
groovy, 1, positve
giddy, 1, positve
glad, 1, positve
good health, 1, positve
glamor, 1, positve
giggling, 1, positve
goddess, 1, positve
gorgeous, 1, positve
gorgeousness, 1, positve
grandiosity, 1, positve
generavity, 1, positve
gentleman, 1, positve
gargantuan, 1, positve
grand, 1, positve
great, 1, positve
ginger, 1, positve
good-humored, 1, positve
goodwill, 1, positve
greatful, 1, positve
gemutlichkeit, 1, positve
gibigiana, 1, positve
gigil, 1, positve
good indwelling spirit, 1, positve
good word, 1, positve
good words, 1, positve
good-humored, 1, positve
goodwill, 1, positve
good fortune, 1, positve
guile, -1, negative
guilt, -1, negative
guiltily, -1, negative
guilty, -1, negative
gullible, -1, negative
gutless, -1, negative
gutter, -1, negative
gypsy soul, 1, positive
game-changer, 1, positive
generator of life, 1, positive
gracefully, 1, positive
graciousness, 1, positive
