hack, -1, negative
hacks, -1, negative
haggard, -1, negative
haggle, -1, negative
halfhearted, -1, negative
halfheartedly, -1, negative
hallucinate, -1, negative
hallucination, -1, negative
hamper, -1, negative
hampered, -1, negative
handicapped, -1, negative
hang, -1, negative
hangs, -1, negative
haphazard, -1, negative
hapless, -1, negative
harangue, -1, negative
harass, -1, negative
harassed, -1, negative
harasses, -1, negative
harassment, -1, negative
harboring, -1, negative
harbors, -1, negative
hard, -1, negative
hard-hit, -1, negative
hard-liner, -1, negative
hardball, -1, negative
harden, -1, negative
hardened, -1, negative
hardheaded, -1, negative
hardhearted, -1, negative
hardliner, -1, negative
hardliners, -1, negative
hardship, -1, negative
hardships, -1, negative
harm, -1, negative
harmed, -1, negative
harmful, -1, negative
harms, -1, negative
harpy, -1, negative
harridan, -1, negative
harried, -1, negative
harrow, -1, negative
harsh, -1, negative
harshly, -1, negative
hassle, -1, negative
hassled, -1, negative
hassles, -1, negative
haste, -1, negative
hastily, -1, negative
hasty, -1, negative
hate, -1, negative
hated, -1, negative
hateful, -1, negative
hatefully, -1, negative
hatefulness, -1, negative
hater, -1, negative
haters, -1, negative
hates, -1, negative
hating, -1, negative
hatred, -1, negative
haughtily, -1, negative
haughty, -1, negative
haunt, -1, negative
haunting, -1, negative
havoc, -1, negative
hawkish, -1, negative
haywire, -1, negative
hazard, -1, negative
hazardous, -1, negative
haze, -1, negative
hazy, -1, negative
head-aches, -1, negative
headache, -1, negative
headaches, -1, negative
heartbreaker, -1, negative
heartbreaking, -1, negative
heartbreakingly, -1, negative
heartless, -1, negative
heathen, -1, negative
heavy-handed, -1, negative
heavyhearted, -1, negative
heck, -1, negative
heckle, -1, negative
heckled, -1, negative
heckles, -1, negative
hectic, -1, negative
hedge, -1, negative
hedonistic, -1, negative
heedless, -1, negative
hefty, -1, negative
hegemony, -1, negative
heinous, -1, negative
hell, -1, negative
hell-bent, -1, negative
hellion, -1, negative
hells, -1, negative
helpless, -1, negative
helplessly, -1, negative
helplessness, -1, negative
heresy, -1, negative
heretic, -1, negative
heretical, -1, negative
hesitant, -1, negative
hideous, -1, negative
hideously, -1, negative
hideousness, -1, negative
high-priced, -1, negative
hinder, -1, negative
hindrance, -1, negative
hiss, -1, negative
hissed, -1, negative
hissing, -1, negative
ho-hum, -1, negative
hoard, -1, negative
hoax, -1, negative
hobble, -1, negative
hogs, -1, negative
hollow, -1, negative
hoodwink, -1, negative
hooligan, -1, negative
hope, 1, positve
hopefulness, 1, positve
happiness, 1, positve
happy, 1, positve
happily, 1, positve
harmonious, 1, positve
harmonize, 1, positve
harmony, 1, positve
health, 1, positve
healthy, 1, positve
heart, 1, positve
hello, 1, positve
help, 1, positve
helpful, 1, positve
helping, 1, positve
hopeless, -1, negative
hopelessly, -1, negative
hopelessness, -1, negative
horde, -1, negative
horrendous, -1, negative
horrendously, -1, negative
horrible, -1, negative
horrid, -1, negative
horrific, -1, negative
horrified, -1, negative
horrifies, -1, negative
horrify, -1, negative
horrifying, -1, negative
hostage, -1, negative
hostile, -1, negative
hostilities, -1, negative
hostility, -1, negative
hot, 1, positve
honest, 1, positve
honesty, 1, positve
hotbeds, -1, negative
hothead, -1, negative
hotheaded, -1, negative
hothouse, -1, negative
hubris, -1, negative
huckster, -1, negative
hum, -1, negative
human, 1, positve
humid, -1, negative
humiliate, -1, negative
humiliating, -1, negative
humiliation, -1, negative
humming, -1, negative
humor, 1, positve
helpfulness, 1, positve
hero, 1, positve
heroism, 1, positve
holy, 1, positve
holiness, 1, positve
honor, 1, positve
hospitality, 1, positve
humble, 1, positve
heaven, 1, positve
heavenly, 1, positve
halo, 1, positve
heartfelt, 1, positve
heartwarming, 1, positve
hung, -1, negative
hurt, -1, negative
hurtful, -1, negative
hurting, -1, negative
hurts, -1, negative
hustler, -1, negative
hype, -1, negative
hypocrisy, -1, negative
hypocrite, -1, negative
hypocrites, -1, negative
hypocritical, -1, negative
hypocritically, -1, negative
hysteria, -1, negative
hysteric, -1, negative
hysterical, -1, negative
hysterically, -1, negative
hysterics, -1, negative
one-pointedness, 1, positive
happy hearted, 1, positive
heedful, 1, positive
handsome, 1, positive
huge, 1, positive
high-spiritedness, 1, positive
highly distinguished, 1, positive
happy words, 1, positive
heart-opening, 1, positive
hospitable, 1, positive
human flourishing, 1, positive
highly distinguished, 1, positive
harness, 1, positive
heightened, 1, positive
holistic, 1, positive
holy spirit, 1, positive
