idiocies, -1, negative
idiocy, -1, negative
idiot, -1, negative
idiotic, -1, negative
idiotically, -1, negative
idiots, -1, negative
idle, -1, negative
ignoble, -1, negative
ignominious, -1, negative
ignominiously, -1, negative
ignominy, -1, negative
ignorance, -1, negative
ignorant, -1, negative
ignore, -1, negative
ill-advised, -1, negative
ill-conceived, -1, negative
ill-defined, -1, negative
ill-designed, -1, negative
ill-fated, -1, negative
ill-favored, -1, negative
ill-formed, -1, negative
ill-mannered, -1, negative
ill-natured, -1, negative
ill-sorted, -1, negative
ill-tempered, -1, negative
ill-treated, -1, negative
ill-treatment, -1, negative
ill-usage, -1, negative
ill-used, -1, negative
illegal, -1, negative
illegally, -1, negative
illegitimate, -1, negative
illicit, -1, negative
illiterate, -1, negative
illness, -1, negative
illogical, -1, negative
illogically, -1, negative
illusion, -1, negative
illusions, -1, negative
illusory, -1, negative
imaginary, -1, negative
imagination, 1, positve
imbalance, -1, negative
imbecile, -1, negative
imbroglio, -1, negative
immaterial, -1, negative
immature, -1, negative
imminence, -1, negative
imminently, -1, negative
immobilized, -1, negative
immoderate, -1, negative
immoderately, -1, negative
immodest, -1, negative
immoral, -1, negative
immorality, -1, negative
immorally, -1, negative
immovable, -1, negative
impair, -1, negative
impaired, -1, negative
impasse, -1, negative
impatience, -1, negative
impatient, -1, negative
impatiently, -1, negative
impeach, -1, negative
impedance, -1, negative
impede, -1, negative
impediment, -1, negative
impending, -1, negative
impenitent, -1, negative
imperfect, -1, negative
imperfection, -1, negative
imperfections, -1, negative
imperfectly, -1, negative
imperialist, -1, negative
imperil, -1, negative
imperious, -1, negative
imperiously, -1, negative
impermissible, -1, negative
impersonal, -1, negative
impertinent, -1, negative
impetuous, -1, negative
impetuously, -1, negative
impiety, -1, negative
impinge, -1, negative
impious, -1, negative
implacable, -1, negative
implausible, -1, negative
implausibly, -1, negative
implicate, -1, negative
implication, -1, negative
implode, -1, negative
impolite, -1, negative
impolitely, -1, negative
impolitic, -1, negative
importunate, -1, negative
importune, -1, negative
impose, -1, negative
imposers, -1, negative
imposing, -1, negative
imposition, -1, negative
impossible, -1, negative
impossibly, -1, negative
impotent, -1, negative
impoverish, -1, negative
impoverished, -1, negative
impractical, -1, negative
imprecate, -1, negative
imprecise, -1, negative
imprecisely, -1, negative
imprecision, -1, negative
imprison, -1, negative
imprisonment, -1, negative
improbability, -1, negative
improbable, -1, negative
improbably, -1, negative
improper, -1, negative
improperly, -1, negative
impropriety, -1, negative
imprudence, -1, negative
imprudent, -1, negative
impudence, -1, negative
impudent, -1, negative
impudently, -1, negative
impugn, -1, negative
impulsive, -1, negative
impulsively, -1, negative
impunity, -1, negative
impure, -1, negative
impurity, -1, negative
inability, -1, negative
inaccuracies, -1, negative
inaccuracy, -1, negative
inaccurate, -1, negative
inaccurately, -1, negative
inaction, -1, negative
inactive, -1, negative
inadequacy, -1, negative
inadequate, -1, negative
inadequately, -1, negative
inadvisable, -1, negative
inane, -1, negative
inanely, -1, negative
inappropriate, -1, negative
inappropriately, -1, negative
inapt, -1, negative
inarticulate, -1, negative
inattentive, -1, negative
inaudible, -1, negative
incapable, -1, negative
incapably, -1, negative
incautious, -1, negative
incendiary, -1, negative
incense, -1, negative
incessant, -1, negative
incessantly, -1, negative
incite, -1, negative
incitement, -1, negative
incivility, -1, negative
inclement, -1, negative
incoherence, -1, negative
incoherent, -1, negative
incoherently, -1, negative
incommensurate, -1, negative
incomparable, -1, negative
incomparably, -1, negative
incompatibility, -1, negative
incompatible, -1, negative
incompetence, -1, negative
incompetent, -1, negative
incompetently, -1, negative
incomplete, -1, negative
incomprehensible, -1, negative
incomprehension, -1, negative
inconceivable, -1, negative
inconceivably, -1, negative
incongruous, -1, negative
incongruously, -1, negative
inconsequential, -1, negative
inconsequentially, -1, negative
inconsiderate, -1, negative
inconsiderately, -1, negative
inconsistencies, -1, negative
inconsistency, -1, negative
inconsistent, -1, negative
inconsolable, -1, negative
inconsolably, -1, negative
inconstant, -1, negative
inconvenience, -1, negative
inconveniently, -1, negative
incorrect, -1, negative
incorrectly, -1, negative
incorrigible, -1, negative
incorrigibly, -1, negative
incredulous, -1, negative
incredulously, -1, negative
inculcate, -1, negative
indecency, -1, negative
indecent, -1, negative
indecently, -1, negative
indecision, -1, negative
indecisive, -1, negative
indecisively, -1, negative
indefensible, -1, negative
indelicate, -1, negative
indeterminable, -1, negative
indeterminably, -1, negative
indeterminate, -1, negative
indifference, -1, negative
indifferent, -1, negative
indigent, -1, negative
indignant, -1, negative
indignantly, -1, negative
indignation, -1, negative
indignity, -1, negative
indiscernible, -1, negative
indiscreet, -1, negative
indiscreetly, -1, negative
indiscretion, -1, negative
indiscriminate, -1, negative
indiscriminately, -1, negative
indistinguishable, -1, negative
indoctrinate, -1, negative
indoctrination, -1, negative
indolent, -1, negative
indulge, -1, negative
ineffective, -1, negative
ineffectively, -1, negative
ineffectiveness, -1, negative
ineffectual, -1, negative
ineffectually, -1, negative
inefficacy, -1, negative
inefficiency, -1, negative
inefficient, -1, negative
inefficiently, -1, negative
inelegance, -1, negative
inelegant, -1, negative
ineligible, -1, negative
inept, -1, negative
ineptitude, -1, negative
ineptly, -1, negative
inequalities, -1, negative
inequality, -1, negative
inequitable, -1, negative
inequitably, -1, negative
inequities, -1, negative
inescapable, -1, negative
inescapably, -1, negative
inessential, -1, negative
inevitable, -1, negative
inevitably, -1, negative
inexcusable, -1, negative
inexcusably, -1, negative
inexorable, -1, negative
inexorably, -1, negative
inexperience, -1, negative
inexperienced, -1, negative
inexpert, -1, negative
inexpertly, -1, negative
inexpiable, -1, negative
inextricable, -1, negative
inextricably, -1, negative
infamous, -1, negative
infamously, -1, negative
infamy, -1, negative
infected, -1, negative
infection, -1, negative
infections, -1, negative
inferior, -1, negative
inferiority, -1, negative
infernal, -1, negative
infest, -1, negative
infested, -1, negative
infidel, -1, negative
infidels, -1, negative
infiltrator, -1, negative
infiltrators, -1, negative
infirm, -1, negative
inflame, -1, negative
inflammation, -1, negative
inflammatory, -1, negative
inflated, -1, negative
inflationary, -1, negative
inflexible, -1, negative
inflict, -1, negative
infraction, -1, negative
infringe, -1, negative
infringement, -1, negative
infringements, -1, negative
infuriate, -1, negative
infuriated, -1, negative
infuriating, -1, negative
infuriatingly, -1, negative
inglorious, -1, negative
ingrate, -1, negative
ingratitude, -1, negative
inhibit, -1, negative
inhibition, -1, negative
inhospitable, -1, negative
inhuman, -1, negative
inhumane, -1, negative
inhumanity, -1, negative
inimical, -1, negative
inimically, -1, negative
iniquitous, -1, negative
iniquity, -1, negative
injudicious, -1, negative
injure, -1, negative
injurious, -1, negative
injury, -1, negative
injustice, -1, negative
injustices, -1, negative
innuendo, -1, negative
inoperable, -1, negative
inopportune, -1, negative
inordinate, -1, negative
inordinately, -1, negative
insane, -1, negative
insanely, -1, negative
insanity, -1, negative
insatiable, -1, negative
insecure, -1, negative
insecurity, -1, negative
insensible, -1, negative
insensitive, -1, negative
insensitively, -1, negative
insensitivity, -1, negative
insidious, -1, negative
insidiously, -1, negative
insignificance, -1, negative
insignificant, -1, negative
insignificantly, -1, negative
insincere, -1, negative
insincerely, -1, negative
insincerity, -1, negative
insinuate, -1, negative
insinuating, -1, negative
insinuation, -1, negative
insolence, -1, negative
insolent, -1, negative
insolently, -1, negative
insolvent, -1, negative
insouciance, -1, negative
inspire, 1, positve
inspiration, 1, positve
inspired, 1, positve
inspirational, 1, positve
in-love, 1, positve
idea, 1, positve
incredible, 1, positve
innovate, 1, positve
innovation, 1, positve
instability, -1, negative
instigate, -1, negative
instigator, -1, negative
instigators, -1, negative
insubordinate, -1, negative
insubstantial, -1, negative
insubstantially, -1, negative
insufferable, -1, negative
insufferably, -1, negative
insufficiency, -1, negative
insufficient, -1, negative
insufficiently, -1, negative
insular, -1, negative
insult, -1, negative
insulted, -1, negative
insulting, -1, negative
insultingly, -1, negative
insults, -1, negative
insupportable, -1, negative
insurmountable, -1, negative
insurmountably, -1, negative
insurrection, -1, negative
intense, -1, negative
interesting, 1, positve
interest, 1, positve
interested, 1, positve
improvement, 1, positve
independence, 1, positve
influence, 1, positve
ingenuity, 1, positve
inner peace, 1, positve
insight, 1, positve
insightfulness, 1, positve
insightful, 1, positve
integrity, 1, positve
intelligence, 1, positve
intelligent, 1, positve
intensity, 1, positve
interfere, -1, negative
interference, -1, negative
interferes, -1, negative
intermittent, -1, negative
interrupt, -1, negative
interruption, -1, negative
interruptions, -1, negative
intimacy, 1, positve
intimidate, -1, negative
intimidating, -1, negative
intimidatingly, -1, negative
intimidation, -1, negative
intolerable, -1, negative
intolerance, -1, negative
intoxicate, -1, negative
intractable, -1, negative
intransigence, -1, negative
intransigent, -1, negative
intrude, -1, negative
intrusion, -1, negative
intrusive, -1, negative
intuitiveness, 1, positve
inundate, -1, negative
inundated, -1, negative
invader, -1, negative
invalid, -1, negative
invalidate, -1, negative
invalidity, -1, negative
invasive, -1, negative
invective, -1, negative
inveigle, -1, negative
inventiveness, 1, positve
investing, 1, positve
intention, 1, positve
invidious, -1, negative
invidiously, -1, negative
invidiousness, -1, negative
invigorate, 1, positve
invigorated, 1, positve
intrigued, 1, positve
invisible, -1, negative
involuntarily, -1, negative
involuntary, -1, negative
involve, 1, positve
involved, 1, positve
inclusion, 1, positve
innocent, 1, positve
ineffable, 1, positve
intrepid, 1, positve
idealism, 1, positve
illumination, 1, positve
illuminated, 1, positve
incomparable, 1, positve
invincible, 1, positve
inquisitive, 1, positve
infinite, 1, positve
infinity, 1, positve
illustrious, 1, positve
inner, 1, positve
ichariba chode, 1, positve
ikigai, 1, positve
incredible cuteness, 1, positve
indwelling, 1, positve
inspirational words, 1, positve
inspiring word, 1, positve
inspiring words, 1, positve
irascible, -1, negative
irate, -1, negative
irately, -1, negative
ire, -1, negative
iridescent, 1, positve
illustrious, 1, positve
inner, 1, positve
inner spirit, 1, positve
interconnected, 1, positve
interconnectivity, 1, positve
intuition, 1, positve
irk, -1, negative
irked, -1, negative
irking, -1, negative
irks, -1, negative
irksome, -1, negative
irksomely, -1, negative
irksomeness, -1, negative
ironic, -1, negative
ironical, -1, negative
ironically, -1, negative
ironies, -1, negative
irony, -1, negative
irrational, -1, negative
irrationality, -1, negative
irrationally, -1, negative
irrationals, -1, negative
irreconcilable, -1, negative
irrecoverable, -1, negative
irrecoverably, -1, negative
irredeemable, -1, negative
irredeemably, -1, negative
irregular, -1, negative
irregularity, -1, negative
irrelevance, -1, negative
irrelevant, -1, negative
irreparable, -1, negative
irrepressible, -1, negative
irresolute, -1, negative
irresponsible, -1, negative
irresponsibly, -1, negative
irretrievable, -1, negative
irreversible, -1, negative
irritable, -1, negative
irritably, -1, negative
irritant, -1, negative
irritate, -1, negative
irritated, -1, negative
irritating, -1, negative
irritation, -1, negative
irritations, -1, negative
isolate, -1, negative
isolated, -1, negative
isolation, -1, negative
issue, -1, negative
issues, -1, negative
itch, -1, negative
itching, -1, negative
itchy, -1, negative
