jabber, -1, negative
jaded, -1, negative
jagged, -1, negative
jam, -1, negative
jarring, -1, negative
jaundiced, -1, negative
jealous, -1, negative
jealously, -1, negative
jealousness, -1, negative
jealousy, -1, negative
jeer, -1, negative
jeering, -1, negative
jeeringly, -1, negative
jeers, -1, negative
jeopardize, -1, negative
jeopardy, -1, negative
jerk, -1, negative
jerky, -1, negative
jitter, -1, negative
jitters, -1, negative
jittery, -1, negative
job-killing, -1, negative
jobless, -1, negative
joke, -1, negative
joker, -1, negative
jolt, -1, negative
joy, 1, positve
joyful, 1, positve
joyous, 1, positve
joke, 1, positve
jolly, 1, positve
jovial, 1, positve
judder, -1, negative
juddering, -1, negative
judders, -1, negative
jumpy, -1, negative
junk, -1, negative
junky, -1, negative
junkyard, -1, negative
just, 1, positive
justice, 1, positive
jubilant, 1, positive
juvenescent, 1, positive
jumpy, 1, positive
jamminâ€™, 1, positive
jubilingo, 1, positive
