nag, -1, negative
nagging, -1, negative
naive, -1, negative
naively, -1, negative
narrower, -1, negative
nastily, -1, negative
nastiness, -1, negative
nasty, -1, negative
naughty, -1, negative
nauseate, -1, negative
nauseates, -1, negative
nauseating, -1, negative
nauseatingly, -1, negative
na√Øve, -1, negative
nebulous, -1, negative
nebulously, -1, negative
needless, -1, negative
needlessly, -1, negative
needy, -1, negative
nefarious, -1, negative
nefariously, -1, negative
negate, -1, negative
negation, -1, negative
negative, -1, negative
negatives, -1, negative
negativity, -1, negative
neglect, -1, negative
neglected, -1, negative
negligence, -1, negative
negligent, -1, negative
nemesis, -1, negative
nepotism, -1, negative
nervous, -1, negative
nervously, -1, negative
nervousness, -1, negative
nettle, -1, negative
nettlesome, -1, negative
neurotic, -1, negative
neurotically, -1, negative
niggle, -1, negative
niggles, -1, negative
nightmare, -1, negative
nightmarish, -1, negative
nightmarishly, -1, negative
nitpick, -1, negative
nitpicking, -1, negative
noble, 1, positve
noise, -1, negative
noises, -1, negative
noisier, -1, negative
noisy, -1, negative
non-confidence, -1, negative
nonexistent, -1, negative
nonresponsive, -1, negative
nonsense, -1, negative
nosey, -1, negative
notoriety, -1, negative
notorious, -1, negative
notoriously, -1, negative
noxious, -1, negative
nuisance, -1, negative
numb, -1, negative
nurturing, 1, positive
nurture, 1, positive
non-resistance, 1, positive
non-resistant, 1, positive
new, 1, positive
nice, 1, positive
nirvana, 1, positive
neat, 1, positive
nature-made, 1, positive
nourish, 1, positive
nourished, 1, positive
nourishing, 1, positive
nourishment, 1, positive
namaste, 1, positive
neoteny, 1, positive
nice words, 1, positive
novaturient, 1, positive
