obese, -1, negative
object, -1, negative
objection, -1, negative
objectionable, -1, negative
objections, -1, negative
oblique, -1, negative
obliterate, -1, negative
obliterated, -1, negative
oblivious, -1, negative
obnoxious, -1, negative
obnoxiously, -1, negative
obscene, -1, negative
obscenely, -1, negative
obscenity, -1, negative
obscure, -1, negative
obscured, -1, negative
obscures, -1, negative
obscurity, -1, negative
obsess, -1, negative
obsessive, -1, negative
obsessively, -1, negative
obsessiveness, -1, negative
obsolete, -1, negative
obstacle, -1, negative
obstinate, -1, negative
obstinately, -1, negative
obstruct, -1, negative
obstructed, -1, negative
obstructing, -1, negative
obstruction, -1, negative
obstructs, -1, negative
obtrusive, -1, negative
obtuse, -1, negative
occlude, -1, negative
occluded, -1, negative
occludes, -1, negative
occluding, -1, negative
odd, -1, negative
odder, -1, negative
oddest, -1, negative
oddities, -1, negative
oddity, -1, negative
oddly, -1, negative
odor, -1, negative
offence, -1, negative
offend, -1, negative
offender, -1, negative
offending, -1, negative
offenses, -1, negative
offensive, -1, negative
offensively, -1, negative
offensiveness, -1, negative
officious, -1, negative
ominous, -1, negative
ominously, -1, negative
omission, -1, negative
omit, -1, negative
one-sided, -1, negative
onerous, -1, negative
onerously, -1, negative
onslaught, -1, negative
opinionated, -1, negative
opponent, -1, negative
opportunistic, -1, negative
oppose, -1, negative
opposition, -1, negative
oppositions, -1, negative
oppress, -1, negative
oppression, -1, negative
oppressive, -1, negative
oppressively, -1, negative
oppressiveness, -1, negative
oppressors, -1, negative
optimist, 1, positve
optimistic, 1, positve
ordeal, -1, negative
orphan, -1, negative
ostracize, -1, negative
outbreak, -1, negative
outburst, -1, negative
outbursts, -1, negative
outcast, -1, negative
outcry, -1, negative
outlaw, -1, negative
outmoded, -1, negative
outrage, -1, negative
outraged, -1, negative
outrageous, -1, negative
outrageously, -1, negative
outrageousness, -1, negative
outrages, -1, negative
outsider, -1, negative
outstanding, 1, positve
ok, 1, positve
on, 1, positve
onwards, 1, positve
open, 1, positve
openly, 1, positve
opening, 1, positve
open-minded, 1, positve
opportunity, 1, positve
original, 1, positve
openness, 1, positve
optimism, 1, positve
order, 1, positve
organization, 1, positve
originality, 1, positve
outcome, 1, positve
orientation, 1, positve
obedient, 1, positve
open hearted, 1, positve
omg, 1, positve
over-acted, -1, negative
over-awe, -1, negative
over-balanced, -1, negative
over-hyped, -1, negative
over-priced, -1, negative
over-valuation, -1, negative
overact, -1, negative
overacted, -1, negative
overawe, -1, negative
overbalance, -1, negative
overbalanced, -1, negative
overbearing, -1, negative
overbearingly, -1, negative
overblown, -1, negative
overcome, 1, positve
om mani padme hum, 1, positve
outgoing, 1, positve
oneness, 1, positve
outernationalist, 1, positve
overdo, -1, negative
overdone, -1, negative
overdue, -1, negative
overemphasize, -1, negative
overheat, -1, negative
overkill, -1, negative
overloaded, -1, negative
overlook, -1, negative
overly optimistic, 1, positve
orenda, 1, positve
overpaid, -1, negative
overplay, -1, negative
overpower, -1, negative
overpriced, -1, negative
overrated, -1, negative
overreach, -1, negative
overrun, -1, negative
overshadow, -1, negative
oversight, -1, negative
oversights, -1, negative
oversimplification, -1, negative
oversimplified, -1, negative
oversimplify, -1, negative
oversize, -1, negative
overstate, -1, negative
overstated, -1, negative
overstatement, -1, negative
overstatements, -1, negative
overstates, -1, negative
overtaxed, -1, negative
overthrow, -1, negative
overthrows, -1, negative
overturn, -1, negative
overweight, -1, negative
overwhelm, -1, negative
overwhelmed, -1, negative
overwhelming, -1, negative
overwhelmingly, -1, negative
overwhelms, -1, negative
overzealous, -1, negative
overzealously, -1, negative
owning your power, 1, positive
