pain, -1, negative
painful, -1, negative
painfully, -1, negative
pains, -1, negative
pale, -1, negative
pales, -1, negative
paltry, -1, negative
pan, -1, negative
pandemonium, -1, negative
pander, -1, negative
pandering, -1, negative
panders, -1, negative
panic, -1, negative
panicked, -1, negative
panicking, -1, negative
panicky, -1, negative
paradoxical, -1, negative
paradoxically, -1, negative
paralyzed, -1, negative
paranoia, -1, negative
paranoid, -1, negative
parasite, -1, negative
pariah, -1, negative
parody, -1, negative
partiality, -1, negative
partisan, -1, negative
partisans, -1, negative
passive, -1, negative
passiveness, -1, negative
pathetic, -1, negative
pathetically, -1, negative
patronize, -1, negative
paucity, -1, negative
pauper, -1, negative
paupers, -1, negative
payback, -1, negative
peculiar, -1, negative
peculiarly, -1, negative
pedantic, -1, negative
peeled, -1, negative
peeve, -1, negative
peeved, -1, negative
peevish, -1, negative
peevishly, -1, negative
penalize, -1, negative
penalty, -1, negative
perfect, 1, positve
perfection, 1, positve
perfidious, -1, negative
perfunctory, -1, negative
peril, -1, negative
perilous, -1, negative
perilously, -1, negative
perish, -1, negative
pernicious, -1, negative
perplex, -1, negative
perplexed, -1, negative
perplexing, -1, negative
perplexity, -1, negative
persecute, -1, negative
persecution, -1, negative
pertinacious, -1, negative
pertinaciously, -1, negative
pertinacity, -1, negative
perturb, -1, negative
perturbed, -1, negative
pervasive, -1, negative
perverse, -1, negative
perversely, -1, negative
perversion, -1, negative
perversity, -1, negative
pervert, -1, negative
perverted, -1, negative
perverts, -1, negative
pessimism, -1, negative
pessimistic, -1, negative
pessimistically, -1, negative
pest, -1, negative
pestilent, -1, negative
petrified, -1, negative
petrify, -1, negative
pettifog, -1, negative
petty, -1, negative
phobia, -1, negative
phobic, -1, negative
phony, -1, negative
picket, -1, negative
picketed, -1, negative
picketing, -1, negative
pickets, -1, negative
picky, -1, negative
pig, -1, negative
pigs, -1, negative
pillage, -1, negative
pillory, -1, negative
pimple, -1, negative
pinch, -1, negative
pique, -1, negative
pitiable, -1, negative
pitiful, -1, negative
pitifully, -1, negative
pitiless, -1, negative
pitilessly, -1, negative
pittance, -1, negative
pity, -1, negative
plagiarize, -1, negative
plague, -1, negative
plaything, -1, negative
plea, -1, negative
pleas, -1, negative
plebeian, -1, negative
plight, -1, negative
plot, -1, negative
plotters, -1, negative
ploy, -1, negative
plunder, -1, negative
plunderer, -1, negative
pointless, -1, negative
pointlessly, -1, negative
poison, -1, negative
poisonous, -1, negative
poisonously, -1, negative
pokey, -1, negative
poky, -1, negative
pollute, -1, negative
polluter, -1, negative
polluters, -1, negative
pompous, -1, negative
poor, -1, negative
poorer, -1, negative
poorest, -1, negative
poorly, -1, negative
positive energy, 1, positve
positive thoughts, 1, positve
positive events, 1, positve
positive circumstances, 1, positve
positive beliefs, 1, positve
peace, 1, positve
pacify, 1, positve
paradise, 1, positve
paradisiac, 1, positve
passion, 1, positve
passionate, 1, positve
please, 1, positve
posturing, -1, negative
pout, -1, negative
poverty, -1, negative
powerless, -1, negative
prate, -1, negative
pratfall, -1, negative
prattle, -1, negative
precarious, -1, negative
precariously, -1, negative
precipitate, -1, negative
precipitous, -1, negative
predatory, -1, negative
predicament, -1, negative
prejudge, -1, negative
prejudice, -1, negative
prejudices, -1, negative
prejudicial, -1, negative
premeditated, -1, negative
preoccupy, -1, negative
preposterous, -1, negative
preposterously, -1, negative
presumptuous, -1, negative
presumptuously, -1, negative
pretend, -1, negative
pretense, -1, negative
pretentious, -1, negative
pretentiously, -1, negative
prevaricate, -1, negative
pricey, -1, negative
pricier, -1, negative
prick, -1, negative
prickle, -1, negative
prickles, -1, negative
prideful, -1, negative
primitive, -1, negative
prison, -1, negative
prisoner, -1, negative
problem, -1, negative
problematic, -1, negative
problems, -1, negative
procrastinate, -1, negative
procrastinates, -1, negative
procrastination, -1, negative
profane, -1, negative
profanity, -1, negative
prohibit, -1, negative
prohibitive, -1, negative
prohibitively, -1, negative
propaganda, -1, negative
propagandize, -1, negative
proprietary, -1, negative
prosecute, -1, negative
protest, -1, negative
protested, -1, negative
protesting, -1, negative
protests, -1, negative
protracted, -1, negative
provocation, -1, negative
provocative, -1, negative
provoke, -1, negative
pry, -1, negative
pugnacious, -1, negative
pugnaciously, -1, negative
pugnacity, -1, negative
punch, -1, negative
punish, -1, negative
punishable, -1, negative
punitive, -1, negative
punk, -1, negative
puny, -1, negative
puppet, -1, negative
puppets, -1, negative
pure, 1, positve
perceptiveness, 1, positve
perseverance, 1, positve
persistence, 1, positve
personal growth, 1, positve
pleasure, 1, positve
positive attitude, 1, positve
positive words, 1, positve
power, 1, positve
powerful, 1, positve
practicality, 1, positve
precision, 1, positve
preparedness, 1, positve
presence, 1, positve
preservation, 1, positve
privacy, 1, positve
proactivity, 1, positve
proactive, 1, positve
progress, 1, positve
prosperity prosperous, 1, positve
punctuality, 1, positve
punctual, 1, positve
patience, 1, positve
proud, 1, positve
pleased, 1, positve
play, 1, positve
playful, 1, positve
playfulness, 1, positve
participation, 1, positve
purpose, 1, positve
pick-me-up, 1, positve
pronia, 1, positve
pious, 1, positve
puppies, 1, positve
polite, 1, positve
positive, 1, positve
positive mind, 1, positve
positive thinking, 1, positve
pretty, 1, positve
precious, 1, positve
pardon, 1, positve
perkiness, 1, positve
piquancy, 1, positve
posichoice, 1, positve
posidriving, 1, positve
posifit, 1, positve
posilenz, 1, positve
posimass, 1, positve
posiminder, 1, positve
posiratio, 1, positve
posiripple, 1, positve
posirippler, 1, positve
posiripples, 1, positve
posisinger, 1, positve
posisite, 1, positve
posistrength, 1, positve
positibilitarian, 1, positve
positraction, 1, positve
positude, 1, positve
posivalues, 1, positve
posiword, 1, positve
possibilitarian, 1, positve
promptness, 1, positve
proto, 1, positve
priceless, 1, positve
pep, 1, positve
peppiness, 1, positve
permalicious, 1, positve
plucky, 1, positve
pollyannaism, 1, positve
pride, 1, positve
positive feelings, 1, positve
peace of mind, 1, positve
peaceful words, 1, positve
petrichor, 1, positve
philocalist, 1, positve
positive emotions, 1, positve
positive feelings, 1, positve
positive vocabulary, 1, positve
power words, 1, positve
powerful positive words, 1, positve
powerful words, 1, positve
power-on, 1, positve
power-up, 1, positve
protect, 1, positve
politeness, 1, positve
pour your love, 1, positve
powerful possibility, 1, positve
privilege, 1, positve
propitious, 1, positve
puzzled, -1, negative
puzzlement, -1, negative
puzzling, -1, negative
quack, -1, negative
qualm, -1, negative
qualms, -1, negative
quandary, -1, negative
quarrel, -1, negative
quarrels, -1, negative
quarrelsome, -1, negative
quash, -1, negative
queer, -1, negative
questionable, -1, negative
quibble, -1, negative
quibbles, -1, negative
quitter, -1, negative
