rabid, -1, negative
racism, -1, negative
racist, -1, negative
racists, -1, negative
racy, -1, negative
radical, -1, negative
radicalization, -1, negative
radically, -1, negative
radicals, -1, negative
rage, -1, negative
ragged, -1, negative
raging, -1, negative
rail, -1, negative
raked, -1, negative
rampage, -1, negative
rampant, -1, negative
ramshackle, -1, negative
rancor, -1, negative
randomly, -1, negative
rankle, -1, negative
rant, -1, negative
ranted, -1, negative
ranting, -1, negative
rants, -1, negative
rape, -1, negative
raped, -1, negative
raping, -1, negative
rascal, -1, negative
rascals, -1, negative
rash, -1, negative
rattle, -1, negative
rattled, -1, negative
rattles, -1, negative
ravage, -1, negative
raving, -1, negative
reactionary, -1, negative
rebellious, -1, negative
rebuff, -1, negative
rebuke, -1, negative
recalcitrant, -1, negative
recant, -1, negative
recession, -1, negative
recessionary, -1, negative
reckless, -1, negative
recklessly, -1, negative
recklessness, -1, negative
recoil, -1, negative
recourses, -1, negative
redundancy, -1, negative
redundant, -1, negative
refusal, -1, negative
refuse, -1, negative
refused, -1, negative
refuses, -1, negative
refusing, -1, negative
refutation, -1, negative
refute, -1, negative
refuted, -1, negative
refutes, -1, negative
refuting, -1, negative
regress, -1, negative
regression, -1, negative
regressive, -1, negative
regret, -1, negative
regretful, -1, negative
regretfully, -1, negative
regrets, -1, negative
regrettable, -1, negative
regrettably, -1, negative
regretted, -1, negative
reject, -1, negative
rejected, -1, negative
rejecting, -1, negative
rejection, -1, negative
rejects, -1, negative
relapse, -1, negative
relentless, -1, negative
relentlessly, -1, negative
relentlessness, -1, negative
reluctance, -1, negative
reluctant, -1, negative
reluctantly, -1, negative
remorse, -1, negative
remorseful, -1, negative
remorsefully, -1, negative
remorseless, -1, negative
remorselessly, -1, negative
remorselessness, -1, negative
renounce, -1, negative
renunciation, -1, negative
repel, -1, negative
repetitive, -1, negative
reprehensible, -1, negative
reprehensibly, -1, negative
reprehension, -1, negative
reprehensive, -1, negative
repress, -1, negative
repression, -1, negative
repressive, -1, negative
reprimand, -1, negative
reproach, -1, negative
reproachful, -1, negative
reprove, -1, negative
reprovingly, -1, negative
repudiate, -1, negative
repudiation, -1, negative
repugnance, -1, negative
repugnant, -1, negative
repugnantly, -1, negative
repulse, -1, negative
repulsed, -1, negative
repulsing, -1, negative
repulsive, -1, negative
repulsively, -1, negative
repulsiveness, -1, negative
resent, -1, negative
resentful, -1, negative
resentment, -1, negative
resignation, -1, negative
resigned, -1, negative
resistance, -1, negative
respect, 1, positve
radiant, 1, positve
ready, 1, positve
readiness, 1, positve
real, 1, positve
reality, 1, positve
reason, 1, positve
recommend, 1, positve
refresh, 1, positve
refreshed, 1, positve
relax, 1, positve
relaxed, 1, positve
relief, 1, positve
relieve, 1, positve
relieved, 1, positve
remarkable, 1, positve
rationality, 1, positve
recognition, 1, positve
relationships, 1, positve
reliable, 1, positve
reliability, 1, positve
religion, 1, positve
resourcefulness, 1, positve
responsibility, 1, positve
restless, -1, negative
restlessness, -1, negative
restrict, -1, negative
restricted, -1, negative
restriction, -1, negative
restrictive, -1, negative
resurgent, -1, negative
retaliate, -1, negative
retaliatory, -1, negative
retard, -1, negative
retarded, -1, negative
retards, -1, negative
reticent, -1, negative
retract, -1, negative
retreat, -1, negative
retreated, -1, negative
revenge, -1, negative
revengeful, -1, negative
revengefully, -1, negative
revert, -1, negative
revile, -1, negative
reviled, -1, negative
revoke, -1, negative
revolt, -1, negative
revolting, -1, negative
revoltingly, -1, negative
revulsion, -1, negative
revulsive, -1, negative
rhapsodize, -1, negative
rhetoric, -1, negative
rhetorical, -1, negative
ricer, -1, negative
ridicule, -1, negative
ridicules, -1, negative
ridiculous, -1, negative
ridiculously, -1, negative
rife, -1, negative
rift, -1, negative
rifts, -1, negative
righteousness, 1, positve
rigid, -1, negative
rigidity, -1, negative
rigidness, -1, negative
rile, -1, negative
riled, -1, negative
rip, -1, negative
rip-off, -1, negative
ripped, -1, negative
risk, -1, negative
risk-taking, 1, positve
risks, -1, negative
risky, -1, negative
rival, -1, negative
rivalry, -1, negative
roadblocks, -1, negative
rocky, -1, negative
rogue, -1, negative
rollercoaster, -1, negative
romance, 1, positve
revelation, 1, positve
revived, 1, positve
restore, 1, positve
restored, 1, positve
rest, 1, positve
rested, 1, positve
renew, 1, positve
renewed, 1, positve
rejuvenate, 1, positve
rejuvenated, 1, positve
rapture, 1, positve
rapturous, 1, positve
resilient, 1, positve
resilience, 1, positve
reverence, 1, positve
ripe, 1, positve
reborn, 1, positve
relatedness, 1, positve
rasasvada, 1, positve
repose, 1, positve
rosiness, 1, positve
relent, 1, positve
renowned, 1, positve
respected, 1, positve
rainbow, 1, positve
romantic, 1, positve
relent, 1, positve
renowned, 1, positve
radiate, 1, positve
recognize, 1, positve
releasing, 1, positve
rightful, 1, positve
rot, -1, negative
rotten, -1, negative
rough, -1, negative
rubbish, -1, negative
rude, -1, negative
rue, -1, negative
ruffian, -1, negative
ruffle, -1, negative
ruin, -1, negative
ruined, -1, negative
ruining, -1, negative
ruinous, -1, negative
ruins, -1, negative
rumbling, -1, negative
rumor, -1, negative
rumors, -1, negative
rumple, -1, negative
run-down, -1, negative
runaway, -1, negative
rupture, -1, negative
rust, -1, negative
rusts, -1, negative
rusty, -1, negative
rut, -1, negative
ruthless, -1, negative
ruthlessly, -1, negative
ruthlessness, -1, negative
ruts, -1, negative
