sabotage, -1, negative
sack, -1, negative
sacrificed, -1, negative
sad, -1, negative
sadden, -1, negative
sadly, -1, negative
sadness, -1, negative
sag, -1, negative
sagged, -1, negative
sagging, -1, negative
saggy, -1, negative
sags, -1, negative
salacious, -1, negative
sanctimonious, -1, negative
sap, -1, negative
sarcasm, -1, negative
sarcastic, -1, negative
sarcastically, -1, negative
sardonic, -1, negative
sardonically, -1, negative
sass, -1, negative
satirical, -1, negative
satirize, -1, negative
savage, -1, negative
savaged, -1, negative
savagery, -1, negative
savages, -1, negative
scaly, -1, negative
scam, -1, negative
scams, -1, negative
scandal, -1, negative
scandalize, -1, negative
scandalized, -1, negative
scandalous, -1, negative
scandalously, -1, negative
scandals, -1, negative
scant, -1, negative
scapegoat, -1, negative
scar, -1, negative
scarce, -1, negative
scarcely, -1, negative
scarcity, -1, negative
scare, -1, negative
scared, -1, negative
scarier, -1, negative
scariest, -1, negative
scarily, -1, negative
scarred, -1, negative
scars, -1, negative
scary, -1, negative
scathing, -1, negative
scathingly, -1, negative
scoff, -1, negative
scold, -1, negative
scolded, -1, negative
scolding, -1, negative
scope, 1, positve
scorching, -1, negative
scorn, -1, negative
scornful, -1, negative
scornfully, -1, negative
scoundrel, -1, negative
scourge, -1, negative
scowl, -1, negative
scramble, -1, negative
scrambled, -1, negative
scrambles, -1, negative
scrambling, -1, negative
scrap, -1, negative
scratch, -1, negative
scratched, -1, negative
scratches, -1, negative
scratchy, -1, negative
scream, -1, negative
screech, -1, negative
screw-up, -1, negative
screwed, -1, negative
screwed-up, -1, negative
screwy, -1, negative
scuff, -1, negative
scuffs, -1, negative
scum, -1, negative
scummy, -1, negative
second-class, -1, negative
second-tier, -1, negative
secretive, -1, negative
sedentary, -1, negative
seedy, -1, negative
seethe, -1, negative
seething, -1, negative
self-coup, -1, negative
self-criticism, -1, negative
self-defeating, -1, negative
self-destructive, -1, negative
self-humiliation, -1, negative
self-interest, -1, negative
self-interested, -1, negative
self-serving, -1, negative
selfish, -1, negative
selfishly, -1, negative
selfishness, -1, negative
semi-retarded, -1, negative
senile, -1, negative
sensationalize, -1, negative
senseless, -1, negative
senselessly, -1, negative
seriousness, -1, negative
sermonize, -1, negative
servitude, -1, negative
set-up, -1, negative
setback, -1, negative
setbacks, -1, negative
sever, -1, negative
severe, -1, negative
severity, -1, negative
shabby, -1, negative
shadowy, -1, negative
shady, -1, negative
shake, -1, negative
shaky, -1, negative
shallow, -1, negative
sham, -1, negative
shambles, -1, negative
shame, -1, negative
shameful, -1, negative
shamefully, -1, negative
shamefulness, -1, negative
shameless, -1, negative
shamelessly, -1, negative
shamelessness, -1, negative
shark, -1, negative
sharply, -1, negative
shatter, -1, negative
shimmer, -1, negative
shimmy, -1, negative
shipwreck, -1, negative
shirk, -1, negative
shirker, -1, negative
shit, -1, negative
shiver, -1, negative
shock, -1, negative
shocked, -1, negative
shocking, -1, negative
shockingly, -1, negative
shoddy, -1, negative
short-lived, -1, negative
shortage, -1, negative
shortchange, -1, negative
shortcoming, -1, negative
shortcomings, -1, negative
shortness, -1, negative
shortsighted, -1, negative
shortsightedness, -1, negative
showdown, -1, negative
shrew, -1, negative
shriek, -1, negative
shrill, -1, negative
shrilly, -1, negative
shrivel, -1, negative
shroud, -1, negative
shrouded, -1, negative
shrug, -1, negative
shun, -1, negative
shunned, -1, negative
sick, -1, negative
sicken, -1, negative
sickening, -1, negative
sickeningly, -1, negative
sickly, -1, negative
sickness, -1, negative
sidetrack, -1, negative
sidetracked, -1, negative
siege, -1, negative
silly, -1, negative
simplistic, -1, negative
simplistically, -1, negative
sin, -1, negative
sinful, -1, negative
sinfully, -1, negative
sinister, -1, negative
sinisterly, -1, negative
sink, -1, negative
sinking, -1, negative
skeletons, -1, negative
skeptic, -1, negative
skeptical, -1, negative
skeptically, -1, negative
skepticism, -1, negative
sketchy, -1, negative
skimpy, -1, negative
skinny, -1, negative
skittish, -1, negative
skittishly, -1, negative
skulk, -1, negative
slack, -1, negative
slander, -1, negative
slanderer, -1, negative
slanderous, -1, negative
slanderously, -1, negative
slanders, -1, negative
slap, -1, negative
slashing, -1, negative
slaughter, -1, negative
slaughtered, -1, negative
slave, -1, negative
slaves, -1, negative
sleazy, -1, negative
slime, -1, negative
slog, -1, negative
slogged, -1, negative
slogging, -1, negative
slogs, -1, negative
sloppily, -1, negative
sloppy, -1, negative
sloth, -1, negative
slothful, -1, negative
slow, -1, negative
slow-moving, -1, negative
slowed, -1, negative
slower, -1, negative
slowest, -1, negative
slowly, -1, negative
slug, -1, negative
sluggish, -1, negative
slump, -1, negative
slumping, -1, negative
slur, -1, negative
slut, -1, negative
sluts, -1, negative
sly, -1, negative
smack, -1, negative
smallish, -1, negative
smash, -1, negative
smear, -1, negative
smell, -1, negative
smelled, -1, negative
smelling, -1, negative
smells, -1, negative
smelly, -1, negative
smelt, -1, negative
smile, 1, positve
smiling, 1, positve
smoke, -1, negative
smokescreen, -1, negative
smolder, -1, negative
smoldering, -1, negative
smother, -1, negative
smudge, -1, negative
smudged, -1, negative
smudges, -1, negative
smudging, -1, negative
smug, -1, negative
smugly, -1, negative
smut, -1, negative
smuttier, -1, negative
smuttiest, -1, negative
smutty, -1, negative
snag, -1, negative
snagged, -1, negative
snagging, -1, negative
snags, -1, negative
snappish, -1, negative
snappishly, -1, negative
snare, -1, negative
snarky, -1, negative
snarl, -1, negative
sneak, -1, negative
sneakily, -1, negative
sneaky, -1, negative
sneer, -1, negative
sneering, -1, negative
sneeringly, -1, negative
snob, -1, negative
snobbish, -1, negative
snobby, -1, negative
snobs, -1, negative
snub, -1, negative
soapy, -1, negative
sob, -1, negative
sober, -1, negative
sobering, -1, negative
solemn, -1, negative
solicitude, -1, negative
somber, -1, negative
sore, -1, negative
sorely, -1, negative
soreness, -1, negative
sorrow, -1, negative
sorrowful, -1, negative
sorrowfully, -1, negative
sorry, -1, negative
soulmate, 1, positve
soul, 1, positve
soulful, 1, positve
sacred, 1, positve
safe, 1, positve
safety, 1, positve
secure, 1, positve
secured, 1, positve
security, 1, positve
sour, -1, negative
sourly, -1, negative
spade, -1, negative
spank, -1, negative
spew, -1, negative
spewed, -1, negative
spewing, -1, negative
spews, -1, negative
spilling, -1, negative
spinster, -1, negative
spiritless, -1, negative
spite, -1, negative
spiteful, -1, negative
spitefully, -1, negative
spitefulness, -1, negative
splatter, -1, negative
split, -1, negative
splitting, -1, negative
spoil, -1, negative
spoilage, -1, negative
spoilages, -1, negative
spoiled, -1, negative
spoils, -1, negative
spook, -1, negative
spookier, -1, negative
spookiest, -1, negative
spookily, -1, negative
spooky, -1, negative
spoon-fed, -1, negative
spoon-feed, -1, negative
sporadic, -1, negative
spotty, -1, negative
spurious, -1, negative
spurn, -1, negative
sputter, -1, negative
squabble, -1, negative
squabbling, -1, negative
squander, -1, negative
squash, -1, negative
squeak, -1, negative
squeaks, -1, negative
squeaky, -1, negative
squeal, -1, negative
squealing, -1, negative
squeals, -1, negative
squirm, -1, negative
stab, -1, negative
stagnant, -1, negative
stagnate, -1, negative
stagnation, -1, negative
staid, -1, negative
stain, -1, negative
stains, -1, negative
stale, -1, negative
stalemate, -1, negative
stall, -1, negative
stalls, -1, negative
stammer, -1, negative
stampede, -1, negative
standstill, -1, negative
stark, -1, negative
starkly, -1, negative
startle, -1, negative
startling, -1, negative
startlingly, -1, negative
starvation, -1, negative
starve, -1, negative
static, -1, negative
steal, -1, negative
stealing, -1, negative
steals, -1, negative
steep, -1, negative
steeply, -1, negative
stench, -1, negative
stereotype, -1, negative
stereotypical, -1, negative
stereotypically, -1, negative
stern, -1, negative
stew, -1, negative
sticky, -1, negative
stiff, -1, negative
stiffness, -1, negative
stifle, -1, negative
stifling, -1, negative
stiflingly, -1, negative
stigma, -1, negative
stigmatize, -1, negative
sting, -1, negative
stinging, -1, negative
stingingly, -1, negative
stingy, -1, negative
stink, -1, negative
stinks, -1, negative
stodgy, -1, negative
stole, -1, negative
stolen, -1, negative
stooge, -1, negative
stooges, -1, negative
stormy, -1, negative
straggle, -1, negative
straggler, -1, negative
strain, -1, negative
strained, -1, negative
straining, -1, negative
strange, -1, negative
strangely, -1, negative
stranger, -1, negative
strangest, -1, negative
strangle, -1, negative
streaky, -1, negative
strenuous, -1, negative
stress, -1, negative
stresses, -1, negative
stressful, -1, negative
stressfully, -1, negative
stricken, -1, negative
strict, -1, negative
strictly, -1, negative
strident, -1, negative
stridently, -1, negative
strife, -1, negative
strike, -1, negative
stringent, -1, negative
stringently, -1, negative
struck, -1, negative
struggle, -1, negative
struggled, -1, negative
struggles, -1, negative
struggling, -1, negative
strut, -1, negative
stubborn, -1, negative
stubbornly, -1, negative
stubbornness, -1, negative
stuck, -1, negative
stuffy, -1, negative
stumble, -1, negative
stumbled, -1, negative
stumbles, -1, negative
stump, -1, negative
stumped, -1, negative
stumps, -1, negative
stun, -1, negative
stunt, -1, negative
stunted, -1, negative
stupid, -1, negative
stupidest, -1, negative
stupidity, -1, negative
stupidly, -1, negative
stupor, -1, negative
stutter, -1, negative
stuttered, -1, negative
stuttering, -1, negative
stutters, -1, negative
sty, -1, negative
stymied, -1, negative
sub-par, -1, negative
subdued, -1, negative
subjected, -1, negative
subjection, -1, negative
subjugate, -1, negative
subjugation, -1, negative
submissive, -1, negative
subordinate, -1, negative
subpoena, -1, negative
subpoenas, -1, negative
subservience, -1, negative
subservient, -1, negative
substandard, -1, negative
subtract, -1, negative
subversion, -1, negative
subversive, -1, negative
subversively, -1, negative
subvert, -1, negative
succumb, -1, negative
suck, -1, negative
sucked, -1, negative
sucker, -1, negative
sucks, -1, negative
sucky, -1, negative
sue, -1, negative
sued, -1, negative
sues, -1, negative
suffer, -1, negative
suffered, -1, negative
sufferer, -1, negative
sufferers, -1, negative
suffering, -1, negative
suffers, -1, negative
suffocate, -1, negative
sugar-coat, -1, negative
sugar-coated, -1, negative
sugarcoated, -1, negative
suicidal, -1, negative
suicide, -1, negative
sulk, -1, negative
sullen, -1, negative
sully, -1, negative
sunder, -1, negative
sunk, -1, negative
sunken, -1, negative
superficial, -1, negative
superficiality, -1, negative
superficially, -1, negative
superfluous, -1, negative
superstition, -1, negative
superstitious, -1, negative
suppress, -1, negative
suppression, -1, negative
surrender, -1, negative
susceptible, -1, negative
suspect, -1, negative
suspicion, -1, negative
suspicions, -1, negative
suspicious, -1, negative
suspiciously, -1, negative
sustain, 1, positve
sustained, 1, positve
save, 1, positve
savings, 1, positve
simple, 1, positve
simplify, 1, positve
selflessness, 1, positve
self-esteem, 1, positve
service, 1, positve
simplicity, 1, positve
sincerity, 1, positve
skill, 1, positve
skilled, 1, positve
spirit, 1, positve
serene, 1, positve
serenity, 1, positve
stability, 1, positve
strength, 1, positve
style, 1, positve
swagger, -1, negative
swamped, -1, negative
sweaty, -1, negative
swelled, -1, negative
swelling, -1, negative
swindle, -1, negative
swipe, -1, negative
swollen, -1, negative
symptom, -1, negative
symptoms, -1, negative
syndrome, -1, negative
systematization, 1, positive
self-love, 1, positive
strive, 1, positive
salvation, 1, positive
self-respect, 1, positive
self-forgiveness, 1, positive
serve, 1, positive
sympathetic, 1, positive
self-compassion, 1, positive
self-kindness, 1, positive
spellbound, 1, positive
stimulated, 1, positive
stimulating, 1, positive
stimulation, 1, positive
satisfied, 1, positive
still, 1, positive
surprised, 1, positive
sleep, 1, positive
sexual expression, 1, positive
shelter, 1, positive
self-expression, 1, positive
space, 1, positive
spacious, 1, positive
spontaneity, 1, positive
spontaneous, 1, positive
sunshine, 1, positive
spark, 1, positive
sparkle, 1, positive
sparkles, 1, positive
sweet, 1, positive
sweetness, 1, positive
support, 1, positive
supporting, 1, positive
supported, 1, positive
sexy, 1, positive
sexiness, 1, positive
supreme, 1, positive
succulent, 1, positive
sweetheart, 1, positive
study, 1, positive
studious, 1, positive
savour, 1, positive
savouring, 1, positive
sufficient, 1, positive
stupendous, 1, positive
swag, 1, positive
swaggy, 1, positive
splendid, 1, positive
smart, 1, positive
spectacular, 1, positive
special, 1, positive
serendipity, 1, positive
synergy, 1, positive
shine, 1, positive
shining, 1, positive
start, 1, positive
steadfastness, 1, positive
sublime, 1, positive
sunniness, 1, positive
superpower, 1, positive
spunky, 1, positive
shape-shifting virtuoso, 1, positive
soul-stretching, 1, positive
strong words, 1, positive
sacred space, 1, positive
shift in focus, 1, positive
show up more present, 1, positive
stellar, 1, positive
supercharge, 1, positive
supercharged, 1, positive
symptoms of greatness, 1, positive
synchronicity, 1, positive
