taboo, -1, negative
tacky, -1, negative
taint, -1, negative
tainted, -1, negative
tamper, -1, negative
tangle, -1, negative
tangled, -1, negative
tangles, -1, negative
tank, -1, negative
tanked, -1, negative
tanks, -1, negative
tantrum, -1, negative
tardy, -1, negative
tarnish, -1, negative
tarnished, -1, negative
tarnishes, -1, negative
tarnishing, -1, negative
tattered, -1, negative
taunt, -1, negative
taunting, -1, negative
tauntingly, -1, negative
taunts, -1, negative
taut, -1, negative
tawdry, -1, negative
taxing, -1, negative
tease, -1, negative
teasingly, -1, negative
tedious, -1, negative
tediously, -1, negative
temerity, -1, negative
temper, -1, negative
tempest, -1, negative
temptation, -1, negative
tenderness, -1, negative
tense, -1, negative
tension, -1, negative
tentative, -1, negative
tentatively, -1, negative
tenuous, -1, negative
tenuously, -1, negative
tepid, -1, negative
terrible, -1, negative
terribleness, -1, negative
terribly, -1, negative
terror, -1, negative
terror-genic, -1, negative
terrorism, -1, negative
terrorize, -1, negative
testily, -1, negative
testy, -1, negative
tetchily, -1, negative
tetchy, -1, negative
thankless, -1, negative
thicker, -1, negative
thirst, -1, negative
thorny, -1, negative
thoughtless, -1, negative
thoughtlessly, -1, negative
thoughtlessness, -1, negative
thrash, -1, negative
threat, -1, negative
threaten, -1, negative
threatening, -1, negative
threats, -1, negative
threesome, -1, negative
throb, -1, negative
throbbed, -1, negative
throbbing, -1, negative
throbs, -1, negative
throttle, -1, negative
thug, -1, negative
thumb-down, -1, negative
thumbs-down, -1, negative
thwart, -1, negative
time-consuming, -1, negative
timid, -1, negative
timidity, -1, negative
timidly, -1, negative
tin-y, -1, negative
tingled, -1, negative
tingling, -1, negative
tired, -1, negative
tiresome, -1, negative
tiring, -1, negative
tiringly, -1, negative
toil, -1, negative
toll, -1, negative
top-heavy, -1, negative
topple, -1, negative
torment, -1, negative
tormented, -1, negative
torrent, -1, negative
tortuous, -1, negative
torture, -1, negative
tortured, -1, negative
tortures, -1, negative
torturing, -1, negative
torturous, -1, negative
torturously, -1, negative
totalitarian, -1, negative
touchy, -1, negative
toughness, -1, negative
tout, -1, negative
touted, -1, negative
touts, -1, negative
toxic, -1, negative
traduce, -1, negative
tragedy, -1, negative
tragic, -1, negative
tragically, -1, negative
traitor, -1, negative
traitorous, -1, negative
traitorously, -1, negative
tramp, -1, negative
trample, -1, negative
transgress, -1, negative
transgression, -1, negative
trap, -1, negative
trapped, -1, negative
trash, -1, negative
trashed, -1, negative
trashy, -1, negative
trauma, -1, negative
traumatic, -1, negative
traumatically, -1, negative
traumatize, -1, negative
traumatized, -1, negative
travesties, -1, negative
travesty, -1, negative
treacherous, -1, negative
treacherously, -1, negative
treachery, -1, negative
treason, -1, negative
treasonous, -1, negative
trick, -1, negative
tricked, -1, negative
trickery, -1, negative
tricky, -1, negative
trivial, -1, negative
trivialize, -1, negative
trouble, -1, negative
troubled, -1, negative
troublemaker, -1, negative
troubles, -1, negative
troublesome, -1, negative
troublesomely, -1, negative
troubling, -1, negative
troublingly, -1, negative
truant, -1, negative
true, 1, positve
trust, 1, positve
trusting , 1, positve
tact, 1, positve
teach, 1, positve
teachable, 1, positve
team, 1, positve
thankful, 1, positve
thank, 1, positve
thank-you, 1, positve
thankfulness, 1, positve
therapy, 1, positve
time, 1, positve
teamwork, 1, positve
timeliness, 1, positve
tolerance, 1, positve
tradition, 1, positve
tranquil, 1, positve
tranquility, 1, positve
truth, 1, positve
truthfulness, 1, positve
tender, 1, positve
thrilled, 1, positve
touch, 1, positve
touched, 1, positve
tickled, 1, positve
to matter, 1, positve
to know, 1, positve
to be known, 1, positve
to be seen, 1, positve
transformative, 1, positve
transformation, 1, positve
transform, 1, positve
triumph, 1, positve
thrive, 1, positve
thriving, 1, positve
tenacity, 1, positve
to be, 1, positve
transparent, 1, positve
temul, 1, positve
tenderly, 1, positve
tidsoptimist, 1, positve
time optimist, 1, positve
to let go, 1, positve
tumble, -1, negative
tumbled, -1, negative
tumbles, -1, negative
tumultuous, -1, negative
turbulent, -1, negative
turmoil, -1, negative
twist, -1, negative
twisted, -1, negative
twists, -1, negative
two-faced, -1, negative
two-faces, -1, negative
tyrannical, -1, negative
tyrannically, -1, negative
tyranny, -1, negative
tyrant, -1, negative
