ugh, -1, negative
uglier, -1, negative
ugliest, -1, negative
ugliness, -1, negative
ugly, -1, negative
ulterior, -1, negative
ultimatum, -1, negative
ultimatums, -1, negative
ultra-hardline, -1, negative
un-viewable, -1, negative
unable, -1, negative
unacceptable, -1, negative
unacceptably, -1, negative
unaccustomed, -1, negative
unachievable, -1, negative
unaffordable, -1, negative
unappealing, -1, negative
unattractive, -1, negative
unauthentic, -1, negative
unavailable, -1, negative
unavoidably, -1, negative
unbearable, -1, negative
unbelievable, -1, negative
unbelievably, -1, negative
uncaring, -1, negative
uncertain, -1, negative
uncivil, -1, negative
uncivilized, -1, negative
unclean, -1, negative
unclear, -1, negative
uncollectible, -1, negative
uncomfortable, -1, negative
uncomfortably, -1, negative
uncompetitive, -1, negative
uncompromising, -1, negative
uncompromisingly, -1, negative
unconfirmed, -1, negative
unconstitutional, -1, negative
uncontrolled, -1, negative
unconvincing, -1, negative
unconvincingly, -1, negative
uncooperative, -1, negative
uncouth, -1, negative
uncreative, -1, negative
undecided, -1, negative
undefined, -1, negative
undependability, -1, negative
undependable, -1, negative
undercut, -1, negative
undercuts, -1, negative
undercutting, -1, negative
underdog, -1, negative
underestimate, -1, negative
underlings, -1, negative
undermine, -1, negative
undermined, -1, negative
undermines, -1, negative
undermining, -1, negative
underpaid, -1, negative
underpowered, -1, negative
undersized, -1, negative
undesirable, -1, negative
undetermined, -1, negative
undid, -1, negative
undignified, -1, negative
undissolved, -1, negative
undocumented, -1, negative
undone, -1, negative
undue, -1, negative
unease, -1, negative
uneasily, -1, negative
uneasiness, -1, negative
uneasy, -1, negative
uneconomical, -1, negative
unemployed, -1, negative
unequal, -1, negative
unethical, -1, negative
uneven, -1, negative
uneventful, -1, negative
unexpected, -1, negative
unexpectedly, -1, negative
unexplained, -1, negative
unfairly, -1, negative
unfaithful, -1, negative
unfaithfully, -1, negative
unfamiliar, -1, negative
unfavorable, -1, negative
unfeeling, -1, negative
unfinished, -1, negative
unfit, -1, negative
unforeseen, -1, negative
unforgiving, -1, negative
unfortunate, -1, negative
unfortunately, -1, negative
unfounded, -1, negative
unfriendly, -1, negative
unfulfilled, -1, negative
unfunded, -1, negative
ungovernable, -1, negative
ungrateful, -1, negative
unhappily, -1, negative
unhappiness, -1, negative
unhappy, -1, negative
unhealthy, -1, negative
unhelpful, -1, negative
unification, 1, positve
unilateralism, -1, negative
unimaginable, -1, negative
unimaginably, -1, negative
unimportant, -1, negative
uninformed, -1, negative
uninsured, -1, negative
unintelligible, -1, negative
unipolar, -1, negative
unique, 1, positve
unjust, -1, negative
unjustifiable, -1, negative
unjustifiably, -1, negative
unjustified, -1, negative
unjustly, -1, negative
unkind, -1, negative
unkindly, -1, negative
unknown, -1, negative
unlawful, -1, negative
unlawfully, -1, negative
unlawfulness, -1, negative
unleash, -1, negative
unlicensed, -1, negative
unlikely, -1, negative
unlucky, -1, negative
unmoved, -1, negative
unnatural, -1, negative
unnaturally, -1, negative
unnecessary, -1, negative
unneeded, -1, negative
unnerve, -1, negative
unnerved, -1, negative
unnerving, -1, negative
unnervingly, -1, negative
unnoticed, -1, negative
unobserved, -1, negative
unorthodox, -1, negative
unorthodoxy, -1, negative
unpleasant, -1, negative
unpopular, -1, negative
unpredictable, -1, negative
unprepared, -1, negative
unproductive, -1, negative
unprofitable, -1, negative
unproved, -1, negative
unproven, -1, negative
unqualified, -1, negative
unravel, -1, negative
unraveled, -1, negative
unreachable, -1, negative
unreadable, -1, negative
unrealistic, -1, negative
unreasonable, -1, negative
unreasonably, -1, negative
unrelenting, -1, negative
unrelentingly, -1, negative
unreliability, -1, negative
unreliable, -1, negative
unresolved, -1, negative
unresponsive, -1, negative
unrest, -1, negative
unruly, -1, negative
unsafe, -1, negative
unsatisfactory, -1, negative
unsavory, -1, negative
unscrupulous, -1, negative
unscrupulously, -1, negative
unsecure, -1, negative
unseemly, -1, negative
unsettle, -1, negative
unsettled, -1, negative
unsettling, -1, negative
unsettlingly, -1, negative
unskilled, -1, negative
unsophisticated, -1, negative
unsound, -1, negative
unspeakable, -1, negative
unspecified, -1, negative
unstable, -1, negative
unsteadily, -1, negative
unsteadiness, -1, negative
unsteady, -1, negative
unsuccessful, -1, negative
unsuccessfully, -1, negative
unsupported, -1, negative
unsupportive, -1, negative
unsure, -1, negative
unsuspecting, -1, negative
unsustainable, -1, negative
untenable, -1, negative
untested, -1, negative
unthinkable, -1, negative
unthinkably, -1, negative
untimely, -1, negative
untouched, -1, negative
untrue, -1, negative
untrustworthy, -1, negative
untruthful, -1, negative
unusable, -1, negative
unusably, -1, negative
unusual, -1, negative
unusually, -1, negative
unwanted, -1, negative
unwarranted, -1, negative
unwatchable, -1, negative
unwelcome, -1, negative
unwell, -1, negative
unwieldy, -1, negative
unwilling, -1, negative
unwillingly, -1, negative
unwillingness, -1, negative
unwise, -1, negative
unwisely, -1, negative
unworkable, -1, negative
unworthy, -1, negative
unyielding, -1, negative
upbraid, -1, negative
upheaval, -1, negative
uplift, 1, positve
ultimate, 1, positve
unconditional, 1, positve
upgrade, 1, positve
uprising, -1, negative
uproar, -1, negative
uproarious, -1, negative
uproariously, -1, negative
uproot, -1, negative
upset, -1, negative
upsets, -1, negative
upsetting, -1, negative
upsettingly, -1, negative
urgent, -1, negative
useful, 1, positve
useless, -1, negative
user-friendly, 1, positve
unity, 1, positve
understand, 1, positve
understanding, 1, positve
understood, 1, positve
unification of mind, 1, positve
up, 1, positve
upskill, 1, positve
unbelievable, 1, positve
unflappable, 1, positve
unreal, 1, positve
usurp, -1, negative
usurper, -1, negative
utter amazement, 1, positve
unabashed, 1, positve
unabashed pleasure, 1, positve
unbearably cute, 1, positve
unhurry, 1, positve
unbelievable, 1, positve
unflappable, 1, positve
unreal, 1, positve
utter amazement, 1, positve
up-leveled, 1, positve
utterly, -1, negative
