vagrant, -1, negative
vague, -1, negative
vagueness, -1, negative
vain, -1, negative
vainly, -1, negative
vanity, -1, negative
vehement, -1, negative
vehemently, -1, negative
vengeance, -1, negative
vengeful, -1, negative
vengefully, -1, negative
vengefulness, -1, negative
venom, -1, negative
venomous, -1, negative
venomously, -1, negative
vent, -1, negative
vestiges, -1, negative
vex, -1, negative
vexation, -1, negative
vexing, -1, negative
vexingly, -1, negative
vibrate, -1, negative
vibrated, -1, negative
vibrates, -1, negative
vibrating, -1, negative
vibration, -1, negative
vice, -1, negative
vicious, -1, negative
viciously, -1, negative
viciousness, -1, negative
victimize, -1, negative
vile, -1, negative
vileness, -1, negative
vilify, -1, negative
villainous, -1, negative
villainously, -1, negative
villains, -1, negative
vindictive, -1, negative
vindictively, -1, negative
vindictiveness, -1, negative
violate, -1, negative
violation, -1, negative
violator, -1, negative
violators, -1, negative
violent, -1, negative
violently, -1, negative
viper, -1, negative
virulence, -1, negative
virulent, -1, negative
virulently, -1, negative
virus, -1, negative
vitality, 1, positve
value, 1, positve
values, 1, positve
valuable, 1, positve
virtuous, 1, positve
valid, 1, positve
verify, 1, positve
very, 1, positve
viable, 1, positve
virtue, 1, positve
victory, 1, positve
victorious, 1, positve
variety, 1, positve
vociferous, -1, negative
vociferously, -1, negative
volatile, -1, negative
volatility, -1, negative
vomit, -1, negative
vomited, -1, negative
vomiting, -1, negative
vomits, -1, negative
vulgar, -1, negative
vulnerability, 1, positve
vulnerable, -1, negative
vulnerable, 1, positive
vibrant, 1, positive
vow, 1, positive
vim, 1, positive
vigor, 1, positive
veneration, 1, positive
vocabuleverage, 1, positive
versatility, 1, positive
ubuntu, 1, positive
